The show stars the X Girls - a troupe of talented topless dancers, some of whom are classically trained.
The centerpiece of the show is a farcical rendition of Swan Lake in which male and female performers dance in pink tutus and imitate swans.
The removal of the barrier between performance and post-production was just as helpful for the actors.
assist (somebody acting or reciting) by suggesting the next words of something forgotten or imperfectly learned.
Basically it was a fine performance I have only minor quibbles to make about her technique.
After it's over, we watch the pairs of headlights glide in a neat line back up Main Street, dispersing as drivers turn off toward home.
After the performance they removed the back wall of the theatre and the cast summoned the audience onstage for an impromptu line dance.
After the end of each performance with paper can be spread the water, light on the surface were saved. Kids draw.
After the performances, a garden party featuring delicious vegetarian food, which had been long awaited by many, finally began.
The event featured a variety of spectacular performances, and was highlighted by the joyful exchange of special gifts.
The performance simply effected a near imperceptible ' linear geological displacement ". "
Fifteen minutes into the show, a bunch of rowdy football players started catcalling several actresses on stage.
The show takes off with a bed, a mirror, a chair and one lingerie-clad beauty and before you know it, one sexy lady becomes three.
In the beginning, the performer sits on the carpet, beats the wine cups lightly and begins dancing slowly.
Playing "catwoman" -- in leopard print lingerie with a long tail and cat ears while sitting in a cage.
She was so nervous before the performance that she was shaking like a jelly.
Acting runs in their blood; they have been actors for more than 150 years.
Acting can be a brutal occupation, and it gets harder the further away you veer from the standard ideal of beauty.
Show me a cork that breathes and I'll show you a bottle of vinegar.
Performers: Mr. Ding Yi, Chief tenor of Sydney Opera House Chief soprano of Sydney Opera House
Show contents and times are subject to change or cancellation without notice due to inclement weather , etc.
Performing an open-ended analysis internally is often impaired by the expectations brought on by individuals working within the company.
When it was all over, the blogger handed the 'robber' some money and gave him a hug.
Performance artist Marni Kotak (holding doll) gave birth to her child at the Microscope Gallery in Brooklyn as part of an art project.
Performing arts from life than life, life is a source of artistic creation, the source of inexhaustible.
Drama is important, too. Placebo injections are more effective than placebo pills, and neither is as potent as sham surgery.
"Acting gives them an excuse, in essence, to learn how to express themselves, " Aronson said.
This is where the entertainer holds an envelope to his head, gives the answer, and then opens the envelope and reads the question.
The performers, who include singers Barry Manilow and Aretha Franklin, are treating spectators Friday to a full concert dress rehearsal.
The performer will bring his own appeal, his own sensibility, his own writers.
The performer doesn "t have any gunpowder for her cannon. So Clifford puffs and helps her out. "
The performer put some rise on the cloth and stir-fry it with a small dustpan.
A jockey enthusiastically presented a Stetson horseman hat to the distinguished Chinese guest.
The performer's carefree style on the ice won her many friends and a gold MEDAL.
Performers splash water during the opening ceremony celebrations of the inaugural Youth Olympic Games Saturday Aug. 14, 2010 in Singapore.
Performer refers to persons who perform literary and artistic works professionally or not professionally.
The performance is accompanied by the percussion music that only sets off the atmosphere by contrast, not limits the lion's movements.
Table I: Timing of effect of GIPET I on human intestinal permeability using urinary excretion of polar sugars as a surrogate marker.
As an indicator of one's status or taste -- or lack thereof -- watches have become the new shorthand.
The ideographic subjectivity and abstractness results in the emphasis in "metaphysical reality" in novels.
table-footer-group Table footer is always displayed after all other rows and row groups, and before any bottom captions.
Table to have 8 mm thick clear tempered glass with polished edges and sand blasted logo on the top panel.
Table has a simple structure, large-caliber, light weight, easy to operate, and other advantages.
For sustained contributions to circuits, systems, and signal processing, especially his seminal work on wave digital filters.
The characterization results of the catalyst show that the PAS molecular sieve has more pore-size distributions for VGO isomeric. . .
Characterization The ways in which a which a writer reveals the personality of a character id like .
To characterize the imaging appearances of epithelioid hemangioma, we reviewed the available literature on the subject.
A table-valued object can be a table, a view, a function, a synonym, or a local table.
Most of the terms in this list are explained in the glossary at the end of this book.
The first column contains the task, and the next two columns designate whether or not the task works based on its origin.
The data of solar radiation in the table were the average of forenoon and afternoon.
The list of genes was shifted with respect to the expression data, so that the one did not correspond with the other.
The series continues to produce total eclipses for two more centuries as the duration of totality gradually dwindles.
Electrical data shown in tables is only a reference standard. Actual data may be changed by different using conditions.
The subtotal for each edition is shown, as is the customer's total balance .
Paste board: Board made from several laminations of thinner sheets. Contrast to Homogenous board.
You've held out for months, waiting and watching the market for some sign of a tablet that you think you'd like.
Suffocate me! You don't say, I do not say, we have to have a talk! Well, I don't go to hell who go to hell. I said " I love you" !
Gravure is done by engraving or etching, version made of chrome-plated will increase the hardness to increase resistance to India.
Concaue printing plate cylinder is divided into a shaft of a non-Edition version of the rollers and drum.
Gravure press in traction roll and is adjacent to the first edition of roll usually have weekly rate synchronization mechanism.
Gravure printing in business card printing and membership card when making metallic ink is well-suited for flexo printing in glazing. there.
Concaue business card printing and membership card making and engraving gravure and photographic plates.
'Nay, ' he cried, laughing, 'but we will sell the foul thing for a slave, and his price shall be the price of a bowl of sweet wine. '
Don't rely on your opinion of what you think they need; do user research to actually find out.
Don't let anyone back you into a corner or you may end up in a vulnerable position.
DON'T behave as though disrupting the Olympic torch relay is an unforgivable sin on the part of an entire city or nation.
But take care! Don't spill any. Because as you know, the first bear to fill his bucket wins!
Eg Don't' park your car outside my house; you know how people talk!
Do not imagine that mathematics is hard and crabbed and repulsive to common sense, it is merely the etherealization of common sense.
Don't all your savings on fixing up your place. Save enough to get out of town.
Don't count him in. You know him. His determination is always a flash in the pan.
Do not think of it as something utopian, something that electorates have to approve in a referendum.
Don't lose it in your popcorn. ICM's boss believes that the internet will lower barriers to entry for new film-makers.
'Don't flurry me, my dear Paul, ' said his sister; 'for that destroys me.
Don't pigeonhole me! There are a lot of other things I can do besides just answer phones!
Do not CLASS us together, Harriet. My playing is no more like hers than a lamp is like sunlight.
Don't get me wrong, powerlifting takes allot of skill, I'm just saying thatthereis more athleticism involved in weightlifting.
Count me out for the banana split. I think I'll go for a triple scoop of chocolate surprise in a waffle cone.
Do not locate your fridge next to a cooker; a window in direct sunlight or near any heating sources.
Don't a what person think have much classic, don't also a what person think have much filth
Don't fling your clothes about on the chair , hung them up .
Don't slosh the paint on so thickly, they want a nice smooth surface.
Don't make this pig out to be the victim, the poor woman is the victim here! Good on the men who came to her aid, but no need to film it!
Don't take it personally: Even well-paid top dogs feel insecure at work now and again and take their frustrations out on their underlings.
Don't get like a eunuch, even as the ideal are going to forget, so you really happy?
Don't be such a dog in the manger. Give the tennis racket to me since you have classes this afternoon.
Roy: No fighting, ladies. Let's enjoy a peaceful night in a restful bed for a change.
Don't grumble about your expensive holiday, you had great fun. You can't eat your cake and have it, too.
Don't be trapped by dogma, which is living with the results of other people's thinking.
Don't be fooled by the name, for they sell funky aprons, bags, purses and table mats with gorgeous traditional patterns.
Don't be fooled by the notion that on the autumnal equinox the length of day is exactly equal to the length of night.
Don't be fooled by his unassuming manner; he is really a very proud man.
Do not be fooled by this slick ninja! It is actually a USB flash drive.
Don't push them to tell you what's on their mind. That'll annoy them, and likely make them feel worse.
No. No buts. When you look at the situation objectively, I should get the job.
"No, don't be in a hurry to put down that lantern, it seems there's yet another one coming! " cried the doctor.
Do not take for granted the things closest to your heart. Love her more than you love yourself. Life is meaningless without her.
Don't automatically blame mom: A crying, colicky baby can be just as much the result of dad's state of mind, Dutch researchers report.
Don't bother with make-up so that your skin can breathe --but make sure you moisturise first.
Do not tease me; else I shall shut thee into the dark closet!
Don't copy Jackson's ideas, the realism he uses has been worked to death many times and is no longer interesting.
Don't laugh at me, please. I'm serious. I've never been required to write this kind of report before, I only do the research reports.
Buzz off, you stupid kids, " he said when they knocked on the door. "
2, 'Don't flatter yourself, it's not for you I did this, I eat like this every weekend. '
Elsewhere near the Seine, and even at a considerable distance from the river, as for instance, at Belleville, Grand-Rue and Lumiere Passage.
Come off it, they say, it's all a bit of fun, and no one in their right mind confuses British monarchical grandeur with a threat to liberties.
Do not take something like the 3rd clarinet part or the 2nd bassoon part of a work from your band or orchestra folder as audition material.
Don't miss the boat -- I guarantee you that my investment approach will double your income within a year.
Don't miss the great blessing God has in store for you and your spouse as you enjoy sweet communion with each other.
Don't mistakenly think you can defuse a bully by getting personal and showing your human side.
Don't interrupt. It's rude, and it communicates that you think what you have to say is more important that what they have to say.
Stop annoying my sister. If I see you near her again, I'll knock the living daylights out of you.
Don't call her at home, otherwise she will talk your ears off! Don't call her at home, otherwise she will talk non-stop for hours!
let me not defer or neglect it, for I shall not pass this way again.
Linda: Don't worry, at least I am with you, shall we play online game for a while?
Betty: Do not worry. Pass me that ice bucket and take this next door.
Don't worry about how the Chairman might react to the takeover bid; there's plenty of fight left in him.
"It doesn't matter , madam , " said Mr Black , "You have to lose some weight. You'll be able to wear your coat if you do all that I say . "
Don't worry, your tongue will only stay neon green for an hour or two after consuming Liquid-Plumr-Cardio.
Don't worry there are rules and rules, ie Some rules are more important, more easy to ignore, etc than others.
Don't bother with make-up so that you skin can breathe , but make sure you moisturise first.
Don't worry about getting stung. These jellyfish have no natural enemies and their stingers are harmless.
May: Don't worry! If you start choking I'll perform the Heimlich Manoeuvre on you!
Yuna: Dont's worry.Being called Koala doesn't make him any less of a computer expert.
Don't worry, the police won't arrest you because you said something unusual. Truth is on your side. you'll come out scot-free.
Don't worry Boss, with my cataracts, you only sort of look like the bad guys.
Don't worry. I'll go with you and help you pick something light this year. I've always wanted to see the New Year Market.
Don't worry about not making the varsity team; you'll always have next year.
Stop worrying about your piano recital . You'll cross that bridge when you come to it .
If your dream strikes you as too improbable, don't worry. If it's possible in your head, it qualifies as a good dream.
Don't worry about the (lack of) sense of what you write, for you can chose to keep or toss out these ideas when the activity is over.
Don't worry about it. With your kerchief and your clothes you look very feminine .
Don't worry about opposition from those groups. You are doing the right thing. A kite rises against the wind.
Let`s apply gray eye pencil to the outside half of your upper eyelash line first. Then use your finger to smudge the line.
Don't worry, no one would blame you if you mistook it for the scent of freshly mown grass when smelling a Haitai coffee for example.
"Don't worry, " she laughed, looking down at his feet, "Your brilliance saved the day. "
"Don't worry, Senora, " the commando told her. "We aren't fighting a war on children. "
don ' t worry ! the weatherman says we ' ll have a cold spell before the end of this week.
Don't worry. In deference to you, I kept them all at a high school graduate reading level. Thanks, pal.
Don't worry. I'll take out the map from the glove compartment and take a look. . . Uh, where are we?
gnome: don't worry, my wooden friends! you are well-protected against any lightning attacks!
"Don't worry, I'll help you! " said the bear. He put the mouse into his pocket and continued to run.
Never mind, I'll find someone like you. I wish nothing but the best for you, too.
Don't worry, I'll have someone look at it this afternoon, and in the meantime, I'll have your documents re-faxed to other fax machine.
To help you designers out there, we've researched different design sectors to see which one has the most fulfilling, unicorn-friendly jobs.
Don't worry, we were told, even a golf club has one of those -- it's just a name.
t worry about it. A little wear and tear is to be expected.
Do not worry about Iran. Iran will teach lesson to any aggressor. You will see China and Iran will lead the world.
BC: Don't worry, I'll take the heat for you, son. But what these folks have to say is important for my daughter to hear.
Don't worry. In a couple of days there'll be too much to do. Then you'll want to be back in these lazy days.
It will not be the end of the world, at least not far quite a while yet, but the world will slowly become a different place.
Don't worry. It is a test of physical endurance, intelligence. For most people, just giving it a try is considered brave enough.
Don't worry, it's okay to ask politely for autographs or photos, but don't "gawk at them" (stare at them).
Don't worry possum looks very poor, even though everyone see you are silly, but they are still not get your way.
"Out of the way, you, " he said, punching Harry in the ribs.
The "Do Not Rock The Boat" phrase doesn't apply to children as they are always ready to rock the boat and try to get things done.
At last it analyzes the essence of "pity" and "chivalry" , and the romantic flavour shown in the story.
Despite not saying much, Ichiro branded himself through glossy magazine shoots and public appearances.
If nothing else, the extroverted Lang Lang seems not to have been overtaken by glamour.
One thing than others to be mentioned is at last all my colleagues have bought at least 2 products in MUJI shop.
Other potential contenders have gone out of business or are struggling to stay afloat.
Other places are uncomfortable and too stuffy while the situation on the raft is quite different.
Many protesters were elsewhere, too, recovering after the drama and confusion that followed their eviction from the park.
It was an indisputable fact that the other builders found it very difficult to compete with them.
What about other clubs? You recently raised doubts about Manchester City's sponsorship deal on your twitter site.
Other neighbors coach soccer teams, visit the sick, give rides to the housebound, tutor dropouts, teach adults to read.
The other boys called Tommy a mama's boy because he wouldn't come out to play unless his mother stayed near him.
Where other men might have felt attracted to her, and suddenly protective toward her, Edwards began to feel possessive.
None of the other birds or animals said anything, but the Dodo was waiting for a question, so Alice asked, "What is a Caucus race? "
The other birds, seeing he was not harmed by me, came to eat the corn too, so in a short time there was a great flock of them about me.
Moreover, on borrowings risk is also the enterprise carries on the fund operation an important hindrance.
Other acne products, I do not know, but I feel like a spring of acne products indene fine ah, do not you know?
Another person still just, such as month princess but is to can't wait for person's message of reply, "shout" 1 to intrude into building.
Moreover, the standards of stylistic acceptability for various types of discourse differ radically from language to language.
Other humans had deserted him and mistreated him, but now he had a friend and his appreciation was more than obvious.
The otheR deities were vexed beyond words, but dared attempt no rescue for all heR piteous cries.
Anything else can be shelved also, and then a smile of self-mockery, sleep bar.
Other Web sites let users exchange goods and services, or barter . In this ancient form of trade , no money changes hands .
Many another fellow in his place would have been a constant drag on his parents.
Other researchers have systematically mutated each of the 6,600 genes in yeast and observed how the mutant yeast fare under different conditions.
Another man may be sickle too, and sick to death, and this affliction may lie in his bowels, as gold in a Mine, and be of no use to him;
Some other people uploaded this if it? is okay with you just letting you know. Also, awesome. -w.
Another popular evergreen plant is mistletoe. It has small white berries and leaves that feel like leather.
The other fisherman get more fish than he does, make more in profits, and will ultimately deplete the fish population anyway.
Other patterns include "super cardioid" (very directional), which may be useful if you want to tighten up the sonic picture.
"Do not Deng! " West Lu not lower the head use claw son Nao Nao eyes, Wei Wei Anne of the head continuously screams along with his action.
There will be a time when we have only memories to cling to.
"No, wait, I want to now. Let me freshen up a bit. "
Tell me not , in mournful numbers , Life is but an empty dream! For the soul is dead that slumbers, And things are not what they seem .
"Don't look at me, " Daisy retorted, "I've been trying to get you to New York all afternoon. "
“Don’t leave me, ” she cried hysterically, as he rushed off to reconnoitre the vicinity.
Please don't tamper with my computer; I don't want to lose any of the files that I saved.
"Don't move it. " Eve said, "I'll get a bucket of water. " She hurried off to the butler's pantry, her heart pounding with a fearful joy.
"Don't tease, " he said unsteadily. "You know how dangerous it is. "
Don't try to be too clever with Fred, If he thinks you're fucking him around, he'll clobber you.
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.
Do not be fussy about what he did. After all he is only a child.
t be fussy about what he did. After all he is only a child.
Don't be so strict with him. After all, he is just a child.
Don't be so fastidious about your life. Be always full of gratitude. . .
Don't Starve Yourself Research does show you can lose unwanted weight by starving yourself.
Belgorodskaya oblast governor, said the festival does not match with the Russian cultural tradition, there are also banned Halloween.
The Christian eschatological perspective must be a grace in the world history, the history of mankind needs a Messiah.
An Anthology of Berkin's Novels has been regarded as the "sand" accumulation of multi-novels by atomistic study.
"Don't get mad, " we say indignantly. "We have plenty of fruit compote. "
Cool it, honey! I've checked the car -- it's not as serious as you thought. Besides, their insurance company is going to pay for the repair.
b: don't get your panties in a wad. i'll call them and fix things.
do not be grumble , you go fast to do your job as well .
Don't be silly. You'd be better off seeing one. I'll make an appointment for you. Only a fool is afraid of the dentist!
"Don't quit, " he said. "You're a great writer. " He'd read a few of my stories to give me feedback on where I'd got the science wrong.
Don't give up yet. I'm sure that if you just keep your nose to the grindstone, you'll get the results you want.
"Don't put him there, " said the slip of a boy; "that stable will be burnt to-night. "
We can't hope to even come close so we probably shouldn't even bother trying as we'd just waste money and embarrass ourself.
Should not be perfunctory my you, was I has misunderstood you to the understanding which loved.
And make no mistake, this was no fluke result. Wolves fully deserved their first win at Anfield in just under 26 years.
Stop acting like you knew it was going to happen. You are such a Monday morning quarterback.
Don't tell anybody, but I've made a ton of money from the stock market. I'm loaded, man!
Keep her in the dark about the birthday party we're preparing for her. Then we can give her a surprise.
Don't tell anyone at work, but I'm actually on the prowl for a new job.
You're telling me you're just gonna walk out of here and I'm never going to see it again.
Don't be talking about it's the brimstone. I know what I smell. It wasn't no brimstone.
Sheldon: Please don't tell me that your hopeless infatuation is devolving into pointless jealousy.
With clenched teeth , Bigger held the skillet , but he was afraid to hurl it, fearing that he might miss .
What you don't want to do is send a check for $50 with a hint that you own a yacht.
Don't present me with unnecessary registration steps or other information that would slow me down.
DO not get too familiar with the hotel staff, otherwise you'll find yourselves tied DOwn to purely local activities.
Don't talk to them, says Cathy. Can't you see they smell like a broom.
Don't tell him I told you, because he's terribly sensitive about it, and weeps huge cowardly tears out of his gutless baby eyes whenever it's mentioned.
No telling me when an attractive woman friends you on Facebook in a lame attempt to get me jealous.
Don't talk back to me, troll. You know who was left in charge here. Haven't you stopped to ask yourself why Thrall chose me instead of you?
Don't talk to me about life'), and includes Vogon poetry, over-smug automated doors and Eddie, the shipboard computer.
Don't tell me robots. A-ne what I saw through those binoculars was no robot. It, it was a flesh and blood something.
Don't play hardball with me, I know you've been cheating on me. So just tell me! Stop hiding it!
Don't goad him on. His parents don't allow him to join the exploring party
Don't worry (yourself) about the children; they're old enough to take good care of themselves.
Don't beat around the bush. Tell me exactly what you think is wrong with my work.
words : This looks an awful lot like the beginning of a second Great Depression .
Don't blame him for breaking that vase; after all he is a child.
Saw him, he was not really know how to find a sensible balance and emotional fulcrum.
Don't mind Mrs Dean's cruel cautions; but be generous, and contrive to see him.
Sail the boat of life through rapids and dangerous shoals towards the Faramita of your wishes, no matter how winding the sea-route is.
she had not the habit of taking injudicious risks in any market, worldly or other.
z~Ah ignore him. Come on we got to get this thing ready before we dock. Let's go.
Don't pay any attention to what he said, He's always going off half-cocked.
"Don't spoil my girls, " said the mother; "and don't talk to them, pray, unless you have serious intentions. "
Don't just put your name on your stuff. anything labelled 'Simon's milk, do not touch' gets emptied immediately.
While other people stiffen their sinews with something stronger, the English constitution merely demands tea.
No, Ham! ' I cried, trying to hold him back. ' Don't try to rescue that poor sailor! You'll kill yourself! '
Do not be afraid to haggle on price - especially if you are not booking during the school holidays.
"Do not be afraid, " said Morgiana "the man you see there can neither do you nor anybody else any harm.
More than you can chew , take big risks . Never hang back get out there and go for it .
Don't be afraid of living, just be brave like a seagull, flying above the storming sea, shouting and laughing, piercing the clouds.
Don't be afraid to tell someone exactly what you think, but do so in a polite way. Speak your mind.
Don't be afraid. I will not hurt you. I have a thorn in my paw. See, it is deep in the pad and I cannot get it out.
Don't join the book burners. Don't think you are going to conceal thoughts by concealing evidence that they ever existed.
Don't take the Mickey out of someone who's sensitive. It could hurt them.
Don't have him for a friend, for he is nothing but a fool.
Don't mention with me what see later the words of night feminine phoenix, isn't home casualty what stuff?
Luci: don't play with me, fool, I am not going to trade with you, you are liar.
Don't stay with that kind of situation. If they deserve you, they will be ready to use you effectively.
Don't harass yourself, everything will be past. Don't harass things before, it has already past.
B: Get out of here. You don't expect me to belie, ve that, do you?
Don't spend time running home and buy a TP, get the chicken to bring a Salve, while you hug the tower!
Biehuang, love to see how the experts say: flowers: the most traditional and most classic Valentine's Day gift.
"Just calm down, and I'll have him call you as soon as he gets home, " the coach's wife told him. "What's your number? "
Don't disappear. become unavoidable. Chuck may be a deviant, but he's still a man.
Keep your chin up and you still have a profusion of chances for you to improve your relationships with them.
Take it easy, come and sit down, here I am, don't worry, please furnish me with more details, ok?
Well, it will come to you eventually. Maybe I could run some errands for you or something.
Be a little patient and let me put a question to you first: where do you think such a story won't happen?
No worries, here are few tips and online services that may still help you uncover the identity of that unknown email sender.
Don't increase your overall weekly mileage by more than 10 percent per week.
Before you dismiss this post as just another list of tips and tricks, take a moment to think about the road ahead.
Don't rush to publicize, most of the time things can back fire or that it does not give the heavy impact that it should in people's mind.
Don't shed crocodile tears over his leaving. I knew very well that you dislike him and are glad to see him go.
Don't weep crocodile tears over his misfortune. I know you have always detested him and are only too happy to see him get into trouble.
Don't pretend to be shocked: you know they're out there, and make up a large share of the G. O. P. caucus.
Don't try to pretend that you know nothing! The clavichord has been broken and it was your fault.
don t mind what i said - please don t - you wont , now , will you ?
"Shut up and brand me, " I said with conviction. I left Seattle boy a few months later.
Don't make friends who are comfortable to be with. Make friends who will force you to lever yourself up. --Watson.
No offense , but that seems like . . . sort of a dumb thing to do .
Never mind Hyacinth-Bucket niceties of napkins over serviettes, class matters more, not less, than it did' . . . Keeping Up Appearances.
Never mind Hyacinth Bucket niceties of napkins over serviettes, class matters more not less than it did, and it needs saying loudly.
Never mind his mistress: he and his wife couldn't even agree on where to go for a holiday.
don ' t pay him any mind . he ' s just a grouchy old spaniard
Don't mind me: The lion tucks into his food as the bemused tourists look on
As long as you maintain a balanced diet and exercise regularly, you can become a strong and healthy person.
My Last Serenade Don't be surprised That these are my last words My last hour of my last day
Judicial separation, also called separation, originated from the Canon Law of Christianity in Mediaeval Europe, and still exists today.
Here visitors can see both tradition and modernity as well as a fusion of Chinese and foreign architectural styles.
Don't feel I scold unpleasant to hear, this compares with you to do of have already been regarded as insignificant of.
Don't think sacrifice very grievance, shall be glad you have something to sacrifice, you know, and the many people want to come in.
'Enough of this nonsense, ' I told Prudence. 'How much exactly does Marguerite need? '
"Don't cut off my head! " said Karen, "for then I could not repent of my sin. But cut off my feet with the red shoes. "
Though small in size, the shop specially supplies seasonaBle goods. You'll never Be disappointed.
Only a foot long and a beautiful emerald green the Hanuman snake is extremely poisonous, often deadly.
Do not be deceived by their handsome social status and shining title, and ignore their criminal behaviour at the back of the public.
While they look exactly like a regular bee and are less venomous, they travel in packs and therein lies danger.
Do not look he fat, the speech is very humorous, teaches the method which we sing quite to be easy to let us accept.
He has been on the road six months but in the sight of God, he seemed to imply, he was not a tramp.
Never mind how tall he is, any one of my girls could snap him like a rotten twig.
Don't see her is a cold blooded cutthroat, yet in feelings, be still 0.
Don't look at it for a moment, we human indispensable to oxygen, the necessity of timely exclusion of carbon dioxide is rely on it to carry.
Small as it is, the insect never takes its own power into account, and all it does is advance persistently.
Erected in 1841, it looks decorous and benign, but is in fact a work of anti-Catholic propaganda.
Don't look at me ! Don't look at me when we argus ! Look at the road !
Don't go thirsty. If you don't have enough to drink you can get light-headed, dizzy, headachy and a little confused.
The Buick plug-in will use some of the same technology GM is developing for the Chevrolet Volt.
The brand's marketing team chose NCAA sports as a venue for its advertising and created a "highlight reel" of collegiate stars involved in charities meant to help the needy.
Effort has been applied to cabin quietness, a virtue of Buicks for decades.
Buick Excelle is the very type designed for people who have ardent love for life and pursue unceasing transcendence during their lifetime.
the buick slammed to a stop against some railroad tracks , and this guy kicked the door open and started running.
Buick mark in the shape of the "three sword" for the common graphic design trademarks, are installed in the car radiator grille.
Buck was a tall, weathered man in a red hunting shirt and khaki pants, and I nodded as I passed him on my way to the hardware aisle.
The Buick took it somehow, flying over the wet gravel like a drunken rocket.
I hope you will come to my house, and dine with me soon.
Make yourself comfortable, I'll see if I can rustle up a few sandwiches.
We love your smile and I love these strong hands. CE: I owe it all to my wife. RHS: Thank you.
O, My Babe, Please dont cry, O, My, it is just flying away, you hear? Let me sing you, once again, a lullaby
Don't snivel, Mrs Hudson. It'll do nothing to impede the flight of a bullet. What a tender world that would be.
'Don't cry, ' she said. 'You know water is bad for you. '
Pinhead : Save your tears. I'll reap your sorrow slowly. I have centuries to discover the things that make you whimper.
Do not cry, You are our hero, I know a gold medal as for you very important, Victory is indifferent in fact or not really.
Weep no more , no sigh , nor groan. Sorrow calls no time that's gone .
Weep no lot , no sigh , nor groan. Sorrow cwhichles no time which's g first. (John Fletcher , English dramatist )
Weep no more , no sigh , no groan. Sorrow calls no time that's gone. ---John Fletcher, British dramatist.
Do not cry, do not sigh, do not moan. Sad Blowing elapsed time.
Weep no more , no sigh , nor groan. If Sorrow calls no time that's gone . (John Fletcher , British dramatist )
Weep no more , horsign nor groan, sorrow calls no time that's gone.
Common Breakdown and Treatments on the Hydraulic Pressure System of Mine Bielasi Serf-dumping Trucks
"Come off it, Brod, " Luke was beginning ready to settle down to a good harsh scientific argument.
Get off that couch and begin the more productive life you should be living.
Don't fritter away the water, or there will be no water for our usage on the earth many years later.
Don't abuse my time telling me that abortion is wrong. Instead, talk to me about alternatives and what you are doing to promote them.
e. g. Enough with the rugby shirts. You look like a giant bumble bee.
Don't worry yourself about the children. They're old enough to take good care of themselves.
Do not always stare at me while I am working. It is annoying and I can not focus my attention.
Has left, the alma mater, we navigate far, always distantly face one another again with you!
In spite of its hard-boiled realism of detail and its tragic ending, A Farewell to Arms is nevertheless an idealistic book.
Tears upon parting add new waves to the long river of memory; wishes for departure are prelude to another meeting.
Leave me too far, do not and I too close, this distance is good. Feeling in my line of sight stationed, in my heart of a corner quietly.
Don't get me wrong; it's hard for me to be surrounded by clutter and chaos.
Billingsky. Selections of Billingsky. Vol. 1. Trans. Man Tao. Shanghai: Shanghai Translation Publishing House, 1979.
Selections of Billingsky. Vol. 2. Trans. Man Tao. Shanghai: Shanghai Translation Publishing House, 1979.
Leave no black plume as a token of that lie thy soul hath spoken!
Don't leave me! said Neville, scrambling to his feet, I don't want to stay here alone, the Bloody Baron's been past twice already.
Don't ever call your own kids a son of a bitch since, from the genetic point of view, it is not fair to yourself as the parents.
Do not bother ringing up a Wall Street bank with a bit of business at 8am tomorrow.
Don't be a foolish boy. Your father left school as soon as he was 14 and lived to rue the day.
Is the name of the schema to which the alias or user-defined type belongs.
Nicknamed the "Land of Opportunity, " Arkansas, which joined the Union in 1836, was the 25th state.
The alias can be a combination of characters separated by a period with no intervening spaces.
Aliases are a simple mechanism that enable you to provide an expansion for a given sequence.
Is the name of the schema to which the alias data type or user-defined type belongs.
Situated in the Deep South, Louisiana, the "Pelican State, " has a colorful history and was named in honor of King Louis XIV.
An alias is frequently a shortened table name used to refer to specific columns of the tables in a join.
Called the "Sunshine State, " Florida is known for its balmy, sunny weather and beautiful beaches.
Using alias to make it easier to qualify an identifier to a namespace or type.
Alias allows access the root namespace that may be hidden by an entity in your code.
Don't give us the runaround. We'd just like to know whether you agree or not.
' ' do not take us happy, the brotherly sister that asks pron yourselves or it is children, be directer? ' . . .
"Don't be too hasty! " he said . "Not until you have at least seen my demonstration. "
A: Don't be so jealous. He never speaks ill of you before me.
"Stop calling me that! I'm not your mother. You're just a dirty old man. "
Don't be that nervous. What you have said is right, and it will not attract any censure .
Don't be so sensitive. Just a casual question. I caught you looking at the groomsman.
Robin: Don't be so wimpy! You know what? I think you should meet Dr. Smith. She is great.
Don't be so angry at your mother. After all, she was only trying to help you.
Nay,' said the servant, `don't be hard on the bonny lass, Mrs Dean.
And don't look at me like that " -- Hedwig's large amber eyes were reproachful -- " it's not my fault.
Don't look at me like that cuz you know nothing bout my swagger
Don't say it like! This was all a chance encounter created by fate!
Don't be. They drew my name out of a hat, but not do it of my own accord.
"Don't be sad, " says Finklestein on his deathbed. "I've had 80 good years. "
Don't feel bad Brad: Robert Downey Jr. also tried out for a role in film Backdraft.
Do not sorry, by just over You few years ago, more than just a few panic-stricken.
"Do not make, " soars to the skies body to once see her, "Li Xiao Han, what mark are the most valuable clothing in the your eyes? "
Do not be silly joke . . . detail page you can search Baidu Yun Ni thin paste under the vines to see the official website.
Don't be afraid of shame, it's a tryout for success. Don't laugh at those who seems like a joke on stage.
Do not fear: in a few minutes' reading I can break the spell and liberate you from this unseemly condition.
Don't worry. You'll only feel a small prick. Now, I'll just wipe it first to sterilize it. Okay, it's done. Did it hurt?
Don't try to spare not my feelings, give it to me straight (from the have to er), doctor, HAs I got cancer?
Don't be afraid to abbreviate . You should cut a paragraph here and shorten one there.
"Leave the hat, " said her visitor, and turning, she saw he had raised his head and was looking at her.
"Don't! " said Carrie, drawing away, but not removing her handkerchief from her eyes.
"Don't lie to me, " Myrtle gasped, tears now flooding down her face, while Peeves chuckled happily over her shoulder.
Allopurinol, an inhibitor of uric acid synthesis--can it be used for the treatment of metabolic syndrome and related disorders?
Do not be late. Never go late to office and expect others to stay back since you've some pending work to be done.
Don't be such a worry wart, you have to learn how to relax.
Don't get frustrated by the failure. After all, you are a newcomer in this field.
Don't get discouraged, it is often the last key that opens the unknown lock.
Let's not invite Joe to the party: he's such a cold fish. He'll spoil it for everybody else.
Do not dismantle the house, but look at each brick, and replace those which appear broken, which no longer support the structure.
Don't poke and pry about into what other people prefer to keep hidden.
Don't disturb it, the child when the memory is too perfect, regardless of any future one may meet cannot give it to add ermine tail.
Do not go to ask that the value is unworthy, the life value is always not manifests with the exchange.
Use your spoon to scoop up the rice in the bowl, not the rice on the tray.
Hush! Not so loud, " replied the Horse. " Where I come from, nearly all the animals talk.
Dont ever let somebody tell you cant do something. You got a dream, you gotta protect it.
Don't let television commercials brainwash you into buying anything you actually don't need .
AWACS Thunderhead Don't let the jamming confuse you. Repeat; don't let the enemy's jamming confuse you.
Don't let your child try to control your decisions, such as who you've chosen as a baby-sitter.
Don't let the children get into the habit of going to bed late.
Do not let this world distract you and rob you off that wonderful feeling of inner calm.
Don't let the noise scare to you , its just wind. Don't let the voice to frighten you, and it is the wind.
Do not let the mess on the ground exacerbate the mess in the skies above.
Do not give that person the power to steer your spiritual life. Do it yourself.
Don't let your boy poke his head out of the train window-it's dangerous!
EQ poor people, it is easy feeling defeated, only completely separate and emotional, as this will defeat themselves, the failure will not set foot distance.
Don’t let the day-to-day pressures and hassles of life get to you. Unwind celebrity style.
Don't let time dilute the wine of our friendship, don't let distance take apart our hands clasped in dreams.
Don't let them get too close, or we won't be able to charge in and trample them!
don ' t let him get into your head , ' cause he ' s a charmer
Don't let a critic cramp your style, or stifle your confidence. Stand up for yourself and both of you just might end up good friends.
Don't let others dampen your passion! Passion is what will drive you to live your life to the fullest and enjoy what you do.
Don't make me feel smaller than I am. It only makes me behave stupidly "big" .
Don't let the freedom we got with so much effort fall into the hands of the foreign invaders and the inland feudalists.
B: Don't put our group in jeopardy. You should try to communicate with him.
Spare my blushes , will you, Ted, and give the windscreen a wipe.
Don't let me down, young lady. I am not always so indulgent .
Let me not defer or neglect it for I shall not pass this way again', and that's how I live.
Don't remind me of that awful day. I made such a fool myself!
Don't come to me for absolution. You want to be a shark, be a shark.
Let me not look for allies in life 's battlefield but to my own strength.
Voice from TV: 'Put me out of my misery. I can't stand the suspense. Go ahead, shoot. I'm not talking about you.
Never Let Me Go might technically be sci-fi, as it seems to be set in the future, but really there's not much sci-fi about it.
Do not let this current recession deceive you; someone with a college degree is prone to financial security.
Do not let foolish pride cause the downfall of your people, $PLAYER0. Pay us what we want - or be destroyed!
Leaving these items outside all day could make it appear no one is home and that may make your house a more enticing target to a burglar.
If other people give you money or things by mistake, including giving you remuneration that far exceeds what you deserve, refuse to accept.
But they thought it was not convincing: "If they never moan, how could you know their vocal cords are not hurt? "
Others is not bold read, but we dare to read get out but , this is our advantage , we want to publicize out energetically.
Other people are not allowed; they must first repent, and stop producing atomic bombs.
It is another's fault if he be ungrateful, but it is mine if I do not give.
when others do not agree with him, he tends to throw a tantrum
A nice young man like you must not be seen with a woman like me.
When someone is wrong, is not always necessary to correct them, especially when it could cause them embarrassment or discomfort.
If you have ever received a doll gift, please write it meaning and your comment.
Fishing others are lured with scented bait fish bait, but the great-grandfather never hang bait, nor the rod sunk underwater.
Everyone else took their luggage off the conveyor belt, but mine didn't seem to be there.
Others say that I am crazy, really, I only a lunatic, one for weight loss and trouble to girls.
Everyone told me I looked fine, but I knew what it was - petrol oozing to the surface.
I hear other say all the time that it's not that easy to find real friendship in college, especially among girls.
There was a perception that you guys had to win a title to ensure that Phil Jackson would be back.
Others will have to carry the torch of joy forward into the new year, illuminating the future for those with the strength to face it.
How can you bear to be so contemptible, when others are working and striving ?
What was the reaction of others to your change ? Did you receive any verbal or nonverbal feedback? Give specific details .
Other people's interruptions of your work are relatively insignificant compared with the countless times you interrupt yourself.
Iran was failing to stop the ethnic cleansing of Baghdad's Sunnis, he was told. It persecuted its own Sunni minority.
others of their own lives, the concern must be concerned about and should not be concerned Do not care about, not to arbitrary interference.
Intead of accepting his critique and suasion, others will rebuke and attack him in return.
You feel awkward when someone asks you to leave your shoes on in their house.
I was told not go near Charles. He is sickening for mumps .
I have been told that I have a significant limp, which I denied for a few days but now I can clearly feel my body rocking more to the right and my right foot curving in more as I stagger forward.
The additional people still muse that I panicked him, in the near future how take dictate of brocade wear Wei?
Others drape them over chairs or throw them on the floor or bed, and sorting through them later becomes a major chore.
Others drape them over chairs or throw them on the floor or bed, and sorting through them later becomes a major chore.
Somebody was trying to guess how much it was worth, and it was frightening.
How's it going to look? A Harvard law professor married to a lawyer who got fired from her first job .
It's important to "get it right the first time" because you can be sure others will pounce upon any mistakes you might make.
People can't do something themselves, they manna tell you you can't do it. If you want something, go get it. Period.
You know all the bits and pieces of trifles of other families. You are really well-informed!
They felt surprise and said: "it must because their vocal cord was burnt as they didn't moan in such a severe condition"
Corrected, he became peevish and offered to arm-wrestlethe hostess to prove a point.
People watch the football and enjoy it but we must do our talking on the pitch.
Other people might say it's OK, but how do you appease your own toughest critic?
Others may become a bit intimidated by your confidence, so be sure to be diplomatic and caring as you go along.
Others might think that I am putting so much fuss on the matter. But wait, this simple task should not be ignored.
Other people might call his utterances treachery but, to Scarlett, they always rang with common sense and truth.
Where others see only confusion, you can see a pattern and come up with insights that will amaze others.
Other people can violate causality, other people can harm us, beat us, slander us. However, we can not but hate others, for even.
We simply attempt to be fearful when others are greedy and to be greedy only when others are fearful.
People were not obligated to make their decision whether they called you a whore or not before they made it clear.
others, you're wasting your journey. Instead, learn to enjoy the journey. Make it a journey of Happiness, of constant.
When the others went swimming my son said he was going in too. He pulled his dripping trunks from the line where they had hung all through the shower, and wrung them out.
Other men may see only trash, but there is often gold, which history will be poorer for not having.
What others may see as an intolerable living situation, I see as a financial investment.
I was made the scapegoat, but it was the others who killed the person.
People who try to persuade you to do things their way will annoy you. Don't get upset.
You are inserting unnecessary details into the person's story. "The person who contradicts, frequently restates the matter in another way. "
As to saying a few idle words about us, we must not mind that , any more than the old church steeple minds the rooks cawing about it .
When you succeed in doing something someone said you were incapable of doing.
Everything that revolts other people, low company, paltry rooms, foul air, disgusting associations are inviting to you.
Sell when everyone else is hysterical IF one needs to sell for some reason.
It is bad manners to be absent-minded when other people talk to you.
It was from the approval of others that he had to await the proof of his worth.
The demands from others to share their wealth become so tiresome, so insistent, they often decide they must insulate themselves.
The treasurer should not have been offended when asked for a financial report. No one was impugning his honesty.
also look not nigh when another is writing a letter . -- G .
The other folk hard veteran moral teachings for few decades, was incredibly made pathway for up between the in a flash at small generation.
What anyone else would call banality or drudgery is, for her, humorous, dramatic, and valuable.
People should look red autumnal leaves to hill, I take one binoculars to see in the home!
Others may or may not see all that I've done, but I would know and that's how I keep myself accountable.
One idea seems to generate another, inspired by the unique way someone else has decided to make use of the tape.
The unfortunate convict is supposed to possess merely a sou ; not at all, he possesses liberty.
For the others there was bean soup, horse stew or turnips boiled in melted snow; iron rations or biscuit.
you always seem to be able to tell when something is bothering someone.
The old adage that the grass is always greener on the other side of the fence can be extended to our technology cravings.
What other people think of you isn't nearly as important as what you think of yourself.
Other people how see his doesn't matter, he wants ~only fatuous in the Yan of nearby good.
What others think I do not know; I can only speak for myself .
Talk into the right ear and you send your words into a slightly more amenable part of the brain.
Others seek out the unlimited opportunities this type of self-sufficient livelihood can provide.
What people did to me might hurt as well, but I would not carry their narrow-mindedness or bias as my burden.
Someone else must be able to do the next action for you only by reading the description.
People ate always calling me a mirror ahd if a mirror looks into a mirror, what is there to see?
Don't assume that children are a barrier to intrepid travel; they are surprisingly tough and thrive on adventure.
Don't think just because they are young and inexperience you can pull the wool over their eyes.
Don't take this as an affront to your trustworthiness -- they just want to see progress along the way.
Don't think of this as a demand for tribute, $PLAYER0. Think of it as an offer for you to invest in world peace.
don't throw that old coat away; let the gardener have it. all's fish that comes to his net.
B: Don't be silly. It was just a case of puppy love between us.
Don't be silly. It was just a case of puppy love between us.
Don't childish. It is all west's fault of without sticking tightly the rule and therefore opening up the Pandora box.
Don't be silly. They just take a while to open up to new people.
Don't be silly, " he said aloud. " And keep awake and steer. You may have much luck yet.
"Don't be silly. " Trevor said, and stepped in front. "It's just far away. " He said and ran, but hit with a thud onto the ground.
Don't be such a beetle! I could never love anyone as I love my sisters.
Don't underestimate. Overestimate, if possible, so that emergencies that arise don't hang you up.
Don't entertain wild hope a company would the flower be very long of time carry on training to you.
"Don't be angry, " he said. "It will be all right to-morrow. "
"Don't be angry with me, " she faltered again, and then, breaking down, buried her face in his bosom.
Don't come to me for everything. Go find the answer yourself. Use your noodle.
Never wrestle with a pig. You both get dirty and the pig likes it.
Don't try to force or rush creativity; give yourself time to let your ideas simmer away in the back of your mind.
Be not deceived gentle reader , not self- respecting writer cares a two - penny damn for you .
disturb by his behavior, he just try to call our attention to him.
You can find the spirit of craftsman in villas nowhere but in tiny area.
A construction crew was at work late last week, closing up walls that had been knocked down between units, in violation of the housing code.
Living room was big and sofas are nicely. Loft villa has a huge outdoor platform with tables, chairs and a bed.
Displays at the cottage also will examine the evolution of Lincoln’s thoughts on freedom, slavery, emancipation and the nature of democracy.
The villas offer a dazzling vision of a future lifestyle for a nation that has only recently again accepted the idea of luxurious living.
Stones tumbling from the villa roof hit him on the shoulders and one glanced off his skull as he was lying on the ground.
Owned by a Danish football (soccer) agent with excellent taste, each room and garden is in superior condition.
The villa had a courtyard inside the wall, which provided an ideal spot for Meir to work on the automobiles.
Do not say poor people, she is more pathetic, and how their own practice? Own life and know how much?
'Don't boast much but spend less, belle. Now let me ask you a question, will you? '
Don't brag so much. I guarantee you will eat your words sooner or later.
We're lucky to get a week of testing, total, let alone a week just for longevity testing.
'Don't talk nonsense, ' said Alice more boldly: 'you know you're growing too. '
"Stop it, T. R. -please. " Minmei kneeled by the bed, resting her cheek on his thigh. "What am I going to say to him? "
Do not say, "men have no a good thing" make people mistakenly you read people numerous words.
Don't mention three days. I will see stars just for skipping one regular meal and I will hold the wall when farting!
Don't be silly, Lucy, " said Susan. " We've only just come out of that room a moment ago, and you were there then.
No ordinary woman could manage it; no, not even a man with three heads and six arms!
Don't say to is him, be his son Ji Yu's showing is not know either is what he mom regal concubine will to river after week so good?
"Don't say I, but we have found the ax, " said the other "We are friends. We ought to share it between us. "
'Don't say "learn 'em, " Toad, ' said the Rat, greatly shocked. 'It's not good English. '
Don't say that there is no true love, don't let others mistook you seen it all.
After 336 people died in the Beslan tragedy , the Russian president in a televised speech dwelt little on their suffering .
Don't spritz him with that body spray from the Commercial where the women undress when they smell it. That doesn't work at all.
Don't get cocky on me, old man. You can get as big as you want. I don't want to deal with your wrinkled hide!
"Don't be too relieved, " answered the second hiker. "I've been lost for three weeks. "
You are too kind . You do flatter me . But I truly am older than I look .
Don't be so proud of having such a girl. She might be your jailbait.
Don't worry about what others are thinking of you-their curiosity might have already overshadowed their judgement.
Don't scold him too much . After all , he is still a child.
Don't be so cocky! I want to be ready, so bring me the statuettes of the four Gods.
"Don't. " crooned Moaning Myrtle's voice from one of the cubicles . "Don't. . . tell me what's wrong. . . I can help you. . . "
Don't mention anything about stamp collecting, or John is sure to trot out his entire collection for everyone to examine.
Anything but! Then, after one of the longest days of my life, the hotel we had booked was cheap and nasty!
Don't mention it. You know I thought the boss would grant my leave because my cousin is getting married today, but I got shot down.
"Don't ask! I've spent the last ten days plowing fields, " Tiao answered with a shudder.
Never mention it. I'm the only not-married girl in our class. Yeah, I'm the white-collar worker who suffers a bitter dark life.
oh never metion it, a factory beside my house made noise all around yesterday, i'd gotta be deaf without an earplug.
Forget the damn lion! he howled. Which one of you idiots let the fucking bull loose?
Don't speak of war, or he will spout his story in the World War Ⅱ.
Do not be coy or stupid, Persian. You can afford neither in Sparta. (Queen)
Do not be coy or stupid, Persian. You can afford neither in Sparta.
Don; t knock it! You wont be able to find another job that pays so well.
Never mind that foolish GIRL, Villefort, " said the marquise. "She will soon get over these things.
Don't listen to what he says. They pay him for a reason. To laugh at him.
Charlotte: Don't listen to her, Carrie. It's only been a month. It takes half the total time you went out with someone to get over them.
Don't stop to quirk your little finger and simper over your plate, Amy, " cried Jo, choking on her tea and dropping her bread, butter side down, on the carpet in her haste to get at the treat.
Ha! Don't talk to me about governesses. The very word makes me tremble with rage.
"Don't shove me, " said one of the strikers, determinedly. "I'm not doing anything. "
Stop gouging me, you bastard, " he said. " I'm going to tell!
Don't It won't be long before other obligations interfere with your studies. By then, know as much as you can.
Forget not that modesty is for a shield against the eye of the unclean.
Don't forget how quickly I am growing up. It must be very difficult for you to keep pace with me, but please try.
Don't forget that I can't thrive without lots of understanding love, but I don't have to tell you, do I?
Don't forget next Friday is the 'Flea Market' so lessons will be prepared to get ready for the fun.
Don't forget: OS X Lion will be a digital-only release (it's in fact the only verifiable point in this story).
Don't forget to take your party frock for the cocktail party on the return evening journey.
Keep in mind that your Web Parts are going to look pretty boring on a Web Part Page if you don't dress them up a bit.
"DON'T forget the cigarettes for Tommy, " ran one patriotic British ditty during the first world war.
B: Be sure to send me a postcard and take lots of pictures.
And remember children will be apt to do what you do, not necessarily what you tell them to do.
Don't forget, no machinery is perfect and will not, therefore, convert all energy presented to it into useful energy for your use.
Dont forget tomorrow night date. And remember off duty, wait for me to call you to leave together.
Don't forget Japan will jump on any opportunity to NUKE the U. S. for revenge.
Don't forget that even today's 2% to 4% bond yields aren't as paltry as they look, because inflation remains close to zero.
Remember, God's mercies are new every morning. He is compassionately working in your life for His glory and your blessing.
Do not forget it was I who made you a god ghost of Sparta. Do not turn your back on me.
Why else, after all, would he have proposed a Tobin tax at the G20 meeting in Fife last weekend?
Don't forget that Microsoft is entrenched in the business world, where switching from Windows is tremendously expensive.
Remember, my love, that you are not seventeen. It is yet too early in life to despair of such a happiness.
Don't forget that we have two super stars in injure, whose names are Michael Ballack and Andriy Shevchenko.
Do not forget that Hongkong belongs to China now and those who want to have western democracy in HK should stop dreaming about it anymore.
Do not forget that snow is a reflective surface, it will bounce light off pretty much everywhere.
Don't forget to share that as it just may pique enough interest to help you get the interview at Dillon House.
Jane: Don't forget to ask the company to apply for Employment Insurance for you.
Don't forget, only a decade or two ago, AOL and Microsoft were theGoogles of their day. They were inspiring and seemingly unstoppable.
Do not forget an old friend in a distant land who misses you more than you know.
Remember, these Gothic cathedrals were some of the tallest buildings of the time, so the massive building facade and gigantic interior was perhaps even more awe-inspiring back then.
v. Seek not proud riches, but such as thou mayest get justly, use soberly, distribute cheerfully, and leave contentedly.
Don't go too overboard on this one because a lot of this issue is just the fact that women don't return calls as often as men do. . .
Do not give in to their demands at the cost of your own.
Let's face it, the shopper needs to only turn on a television or flip open a magazine for inspiration.
worry about your son. He is old enough to paddle his own canoe.
Don't shed crocodile tears over his leaving. I know very well that you're glad to see him go.
Don't be so fussy about this small thing, this is the most unexpected thing for me to see.
Do not ask a policeman the best way to get to the West End or how to use an Oyster card. He wants to help, but he's from the West Midlands.
Suffered for love such woe Have I, that ask not; Drunk parting's poison so Have I, that ask not.
Do not asks me for details. i am about to catch him in a trap.
Creepy, Howard. Howard Creepy good or creepy bad? Who was the shrimp with lobster sauce?
Don't get me wrong. You're a fine illustrator, but this isn't what I call art.
"Please don't misunderstand me, " he said. "Nothing could stop me from loving you. No haircut will change that. "
Don't get me wrong: I applaud any romance that can withstand the test of time.
don ' t blaspheme , father galvan . - i ' m sorry , but it ' s true
Stop playing around. You know, I get scared when you start talking like this.
Get out of it! He is the last one you can rely on.
get out , " said the drummer , lightly . " he hasn t called more than half a dozen times since we ve been here .
do not frighten me, Okay? You do not frighten me, Okay? You at of, is? You told me you would at of! Meeting at of!
You're in no danger; but if you hinder me--Linton, I love papa better than you! '
The temptation is to think that technology we designed must remain subservient to us - but think again
Don't try to compete with him; he loads the dice against you and scores and scores all the time.
"Don't think, old man, " he said aloud. "Sail on this course and take it when it comes. "
Don't ever point a gun at me again. I should've fucking shot you.
Don't think of discussing it with him in a reasonable way, as this isn't a reasonable matter.
Instead of trying to tackle everything on this list at once, choose a few things that appeal to you, and give them a try.
Don't be like the poor elephant and go through your life stuck because of a limiting belief you were given or developed years ago.
Unlike the star of a rowdy cable news roundtable, defer and listen to your guest.
Don't explain it to him; it's only playing the lute to a cow.
"Don't shout at me! " Mrs. Stevenson cried. " I'm not one of your stupid friends. "
The sentence "I like it" seems to be unmindful , but he really holds the qualification of national master sportsman in mountaineering.
Other belittle this not too long a small tube, it is tears - the only thoroughfare to the nasal cavity.
Don't laugh: The hit rate of those shown non-erotic picures, at 49. 8 percent, did not deviate from chance.
Do not scoff, says Nassima Abdelli-Beruh, a speech scientist at Long Island University and an author of the study.
'Don't laugh, son, ' Mr White said. 'Tom Morris is an old friend and he thinks the story is true. Perhaps it is. '
Before you laugh, remember that Playboy is well-known for the high quality of both its fiction and its journalism.
Please don’t take after great Aunt Margaret, or Auntie Anne, or Uncle Andrew and definitely not your father, Charles.
Don't manipulate them into eating what you want them to eat, going where you want them to go, or doing what you want them to do under the guise of love.
Don't think abortion is a mistake that only a woman can make. A man is also responsible and will experience the retribution as well.
Don't think everyone is on the up and up with you. There're dishonest people around the world, got to be careful!
Do not think that because Americans are in such a hurry that they are unfriendly.
And think not you can direct the course of love, for love, if it finds you worthy, directs your course.
You don't get to judge me because you were born in the master bedroom of Wayne Manor.
Do not deceive yourself into believing that you can relate in peace to God or to your brothers with anything external.
Stop thinking it as some sort of monkey play, you clap your hand when I performed.
Do not think I do not know, once you hit the next time yo. . .
Don't think I'll be jealous of any man you choose to marry. I only want you to be happy!
Think I can do not care about anything. In fact, I'm also just a girl, would secretly tears.
not bein ' unsound here , but she has got the most fantastic tits.
You must not imagine that the love of a kept woman, however disinterested, costs nothing.
Do not think that this is nothing but a chest animal images printed pullover ordinary cartoon.
Don't think this job a piece of cake. You'll have to rack your brains once you start on it.
Do not think this is children world, flowery profusion can be mixed likewise mysterious nobility is contacted together.
Get on an airplane not because you're convinced it won't crash, but because meeting your baby niece is worth a few hours of terror.
Don't bracket me with him just because we work for the same company.
Don't take a job that, you know, you think is gonna look good on your resume. Take a job you love.
Do not seat your love upon a precipice because it is high .
Never run away from disagreeable circumstances. Fight them, with all your resources, right where you stand and without a moment's delay.
Never use a metaphor or simile you are used to seeing in print=
Don't jab your finger at me: I'm not on trial and you're not the prosecutor!
So don't delay -subscribe today to make sure you don't miss out on any of these treats.
Don't hesitate to write your questions down, and bring the list with you to the interview.
Don't hesitate to splurge on domestic delights that afford long-term pleasure, like expensive cookware, fluffy towels and designer sheets.
Scar Simba Jilisongyong with ulterior motives to escape, while hyena were ordered to kill him.
An employee with an axe to grind may try to circumvent data protection measures by pasting a portion of a document into a chat window.
Don't be childish and capricious. You want to change the world? No way, it is just the world that will change you.
Don't ever do that to a tomato! Don't you know how easily I bruise?
Stop thinking that if you were thinner, prettier, wilder in bed, or more exciting he would be faithful.
Forget frantically calculating the relative benefits of bananas, tomatoes, spinach, and kale. Just think in technicolor.
Discard any question of whether the service charge is aimed at the staff or at the restaurant managers. It makes no difference.
Do not rely on their own power to breaks against the thin, the Lord has shown us the direction of liberation!
Stop wasting your time. That girl will never agree to go out with you.
You'd better stop cheating, or you will surely eat the fruit of your own doings one day.
Willful do not destroy your life, must know your life similarly also belongs to me.
Stop trying to squeeze so much in. If you are always running late, falling behind, or trying to catch up, try slowing down.
“I think you should stop talking before I elongate your neck,” Jane joked. “The emancipation you’re referring to was a serious and significant issue back then.
"Stop saying the name! " said Ron in a terrified whisper, as if he thought Voldemort could hear them.
Don't ask me any more. They are friends of mine and I am unwilling to tell tales out of school.
Don't ask me what I think about again, my vast sky leaves behind the footprint to represent me to pass through.
Never mind notions of a responsible stakeholder; China has become a revolutionary power.
Don't even consider trying the old methods on us, we'll riddle your dogma with holes, then discard it in a rubbish heap.
Ex: Stop eating while you're using your computer! Can't you see that hand salsa is getting all over the keyboard?
Stop your wishful thinking and be glad for what you do have instead of always wanting more.
Stop scaring yourself with impetuous notions, with your reactive impressions of the way things are!
Give up blaming, and don’t wait for history to change or for the offender to apologize.
Don't reproach her any more. Anyway, she seemed to behave foolishly but with good intent.
Stop reaching for the salt shaker! Many foods, especially processed foods, are full of salt before they reach the table.
Do not repeat the actions that caused her to break up with you. If you need professional help, get it.
Stop playing dumb! I know you know who ate the last piece of cake .
Don't chase after her any more,she is going to marry a rich merchant.
don ' t be such self - willed person ; otherwise you will lose everything you love
Do not break up call and I said: "I just greetings to you, see you have the right? "
or not, when the concept of the "nation" remains so deeply baked into the American political soul.
Don't mope round the house like that - - go for a walk.
Don't embarrass me at the party tonight with your off-color jokes. B: Everybody loves my jokes.
Never invade the domain of any other department without the knowledge and consent of the manager in charge.
Do not be angry, I did not dare to the others to guarantee any, but I could be obedient well, hoped you were joyful daily!
Don’t exercise or eat at the end of the day, and avoid or limit caffeine, alcohol and nicotine.
Do not experiment with unfamiliar dishes for the dinner's menu. Serve the food you've made on previous occasions that received rave reviews.
Do not lumber my shelf up with your collection of stones and insects .
And I when just the two of us are there you won't have to ask if i still care.
Get out . Don't shed crocodile tears to me. You know you are really glad they're met with misfortune.
Don't shed crocodile tears to me; you know you are really glad that they're met with misfortune.
"Pay no attention to letter, must have been mad, bought hat-stand to day- Basil, " she read. She couldn't take her eyes off the telegram.
Do not knead the pastry at this point or it will be like concrete.
Do not falter my fellow Americans. Do not put up with the rebellious nature of our subordinate countries.
Do not chase one another in the hallway or come to class late.
Don't be averse to the unattractive side of the job, to cleaning up mucus and phlegm, or urine and excrement.
Don't be such a dog in the manger. Lend your bicycle to him since you will not go out this afternoon.
Don't be such a dog in the manger! Just lend him your bicycle since you're not going out this afternoon!
don't be such a dog in the manger, the shoes are too small for you , just give them to your sister.
Don't be a dog in the manger. Many people are waiting for this opportunity.
do n ' t stand in the draught . you may catch cold .
Don't stand there grinning like a Cheshire cat. Take off your coat and go on with the digging.
"Let us have no buts , " he said firmly. "You are coming. "
Don't give me the runaround . You'd better put your cards on the table.
Not so loud, father, I entreat of you--for your own sake as well as mine.
Don't be so inquisitive; I'm not telling you what I did last night.
Don't be so dramatic. You're such a baby. Now sit down and finish your soup.
Let us not exaggerate the transformation I do not propose we become friends.
Don't be so greedy -- leave some of the food for the rest of us.
Don't be so cheap , your friends will be afraid to hang out with you.
Don't be such a dog in the manger-you didn't read the book until I asked to borrow it from you!
Come on, Barney. You and me live in the real world. Most of the time.
Don't talk to me like that. Go away. If you want to behave civilly , fine. Don't talk to me like that.
Do not be in such a hurry to do that, " said Valentine, with a sad smile. "
'Don't, ' Parry said through a whisper. 'Please don't. ' His lower lip was trembling.
'T put me on the spot like this. You know I can't give you confidential information.
Don't be so fussy with your food. It 's nourish and good to you .
Don't be like that. You know both of them really well, and I know that Sam confides in you. Don't you think Matt is being unreasonable?
Don't worry, take your time. If u lose the ticket u do need to pay a excess fare. But it is refundable once you find the original one.
Well, don't worry. Please leave your name, address, telephone number and everything you know about your handbag.
Take it easy. I'll like you know if anyone decides to cancel his reservation.
RODERICK Patience, Mr Adams. If you don't mind, may I ask you how much money you have?
Don't be in such a hurry. You will see him in a moment.
Don't worry about it. It seems to me that you always do better than you say.
Don't worry. Here's a prescription. Use the suppositories and laxative. The bleeding should stop in two or there days.
Be not impatient--a little space --know you I salute the air , the ocean and the land.
do not want to take the speaker mute speakers for mentioning the monks of the Rex Rex Ma Ma.
Pins, pattern, interfacing, zipper. And metres of glimmering fabric with tiny, quilted squares.
Do not expect speed from a cheap horse -- it will only neigh.
Never get too carried away by investment euphoria, whether for stocks and shares or bricks and mortar - nothing goes up for ever.
Don't count out Roger Mason Jr. He may prove to be a sleeper for the Spurs this season.
Never count on making a good sale. Have the purchase price be so attractive that even a mediocre sale gives good results.
Don't expect all people can understand you, because Chinese cabbage, radish every man has his hobbyhorse.
Don't hope to marry him because he's not the type to settle down. A rolling stone gathers no moss, as they say.
Don't expect her to solve problems in a reasonable way. She is too passionate to solve them logically.
Counting on even a reasonable percentage of your users' machines to have the same fonts as you do is a bad idea.
Do not expect China's trade surplus to disappear quickly, or to rebound back to 8-10 per cent of GDP in the heydays.
Chic instep buckle is fully adjustable so you can achieve a personal, secure, and custom fit.
Unique perspective, multi-coloured and variegated color lump, fresh and bright scenery. What a wonderful feeling! Performing the moving minorities' character and style.
A chic turban and statement jewellery dresses up a blazer and t-shirt combo.
chic unique small display can also reflect the owner's temperament, and sometimes space can become an indispensable embellishment.
Chic, distinctive small ornament also can mirror master disposition, can become the ornament with indispensable space to taste sometimes.
Do not pack a garlic, this A matter greatly sells a yin regiment also so how many, how don't you know what I ask?
Don't blow your own horn. If you do something praiseworthy, someone will eventually notice.
Do not always blindly to believe the man may not in fact he got you to the future.
"Don't go 'way, " he said, as she started back into the kitchen. "Eat your dinner. "
Stay tuned. . . Oh, and I'm also interested to hear what you think of the ongoing store wars?
Don't do something wrong is what water to his own body splash, sister also left a toilet flushing.
Don't be a miser and hoard your gifts. Share them. The world is waiting.
" Undreamed of! " cried Mercedes, throwing up her hands in dainty dismay. "However in the world could I manage without a tent? "
Do not be Mr. Goody-goody. Be a bit naughty throw in unexpected and mischievous remarks to leave her wondering if you just said that.
Don' t sit for too long or you' ll crease your new dress.
Do not sit in the corner and sulk. It draws attention in a negative way. Draw attention to yourself, but on your own terms.
Bie of the Split method has two, Generative two together, or triple depending on the number of the persons concerned.
The poor grammar, unconventional double negatives and monotonous sentential patterns form the typical features of Gumps language.
Atlantic Provinces: the eastern Canadian provinces of New Brunswick, Prince Edward Island, Nova Scotia, and Newfoundland.
Penn as the Ivy League University to enjoy one of Wal-Mart, founded in 1740, he was the founder of.
Bing’s radical plan is to shrink Detroit in order to save it: Raze decaying neighborhoods and cut public services and the crushing fiscal deficit.
This chakra is located at the back of the head, at the point where Hindu Brahmins keep a tuft hair or shikha.
The Bingham Canyon Mine, also known as the Kennecott Copper Mine, is located in Salt Lake City, Utah, USA.
The objective case , ie ( in Latin and other inflected languages) the form of a word used when it is the object of a verb or a preposition .
and a report soon followed that Mr. Bingley was to bring twelve ladies and seven gentlemen with him to the assembly.
The hotel is equipped with such entertainment facilities as meeting rooms, beauty salon, Footbath , and Chess&amp;card rooms.
Meeting rooms with modern facilities such as Hi-Fi, projector and screen are suitable for holding conferences and other activities.
Hotel loos are always empty so if there's one next door nip in.
Next to the hotel is a small house with an interesting garden. tis is the beginning of the garden tour.
Other facilities such as beauty salon, KTV, fitness club, tennis court and a spacious car-park will accommodate your every need with efficient services for your stay in Shanghai.
The business center of the hotel features a variety of services including facsimile, photo copying, multi lingual word-typing and translation, post and tele-communication and ticket booking.
The hotel has bowling alleys, tennis courts, comfortable beds, and other athletic facilities.
Women pilfer souvenirs from their hotel rooms as men raid the bars in the refrigerators in their rooms, the hotel study found.
The hotel's well-trained staff provide all guests with its first-class service they need for a pleasant and cozy stay at the hotel.
This is just one of the steps being taken to minimize Treehotel's impact on local wildlife says Anette Selberg, who is in charge of crafting an excursion program for guests.
we made this special plan for couples who would like to have a special and memorable christmas , " said concierge hiromi koshikawa" .
Hotel is also prepared for your gym , sauna, tennis, volleyball, badminton and other recreational facilities.
Hotel and motel rooms usually have telephones, private bathrooms, televisions, refrigerators, as well as facilities to make tea and coffee.
The hotel and its large swimming pool, flanked by towering water-chutes, stand out incongruously against the natural backdrop.
HOTEL RECEPTIONIST: Ah. . . let me check. . . That' s a deposit against the use of the conference facilities on Thursday.
Hotel service language has its own characteristics which have many reflect the request of politeness principle.
B. the cultural casual space of hotels, bars coffee caf western food restaurant and gardens etc.
The hotel is in a superb location near the business district. Besides work and rest, you'll find endless joys there.
Our hotel is quite successful, and the occupancy is high. If this hotel is successful, why should we change anything?
Hotel features: Food &amp;Beverage, Front Office, Housekeeping Department, the Department, set meals, accommodation and entertainment.
There are beautifying, haircut &amp;hairdressing, sauna, tea and other services in the hotel, which provide you with an enjoyment of beauty.
Hotels before the Taohuaxi environment beautiful , the scenery of many , the stream still hot springs spa bath and a swimming pool .
An exquisitely designed new hotel, Jade, the Rendezvous Pavilion, the flavor is the best area of a garden-style, one of the eco-hotel.
LongDu Hotel has restaurants, coffee shop, karaoke club, ballroom, bar and modern business centre.
Hotels are three-star hotels by standards require renovation Hotels, guesthouses for you with large car parks, leisure centers.
The hotel has 88 opulent apartments, 168 standard rooms, and a convention hall with a way capacity of over 300 people.
The hotel has 88 business suites and deluxe suites, 168 standard rooms, and a conference hall with a seating capacity of over 300.
The hotel has 88 deluxe suites, 168 standard rooms, and a convention hall with a seating capacity of over 300 people.
The hotel has elegant and cozy standard rooms and luxury suites, all equipped with closed-circuit satellite TV and central air conditioning.
The Hotel Land: The land-use right will be got by auction or overt sale, and the lowest price will be higher than 350, 000 yuan one mu.
More than just a game of pure entertainment, bingo is also praised for its social benefits.
We have bingo , a snow-cone stand, cotton candy, polka bands, and a parade with floats.
A game of Bingo draws smiles. Some look carefully for the numbers, while others require a bit of help.
His greatest concern is the way in which the threat of terrorism has been used to justify the encroachment on civil liberties.
On a forced march to the ship, Judah Ben-Hur meets Jesus of Nazareth, whose compassion fills him with hope.
Bink passed a field of sea oats, hearing the pleasant swish and gurgle of their oceanic tides.
In an instant that history flashed across Bink 's mind-part of the dynamic folklore of Xanth.
Fun to guests, their cars and sedan go, scaled up, has become a heavy burden on the local gentry Yuzhou.
Service Center should note down the room number and the guest name, inform the reception to call back later.
The Guest Relation Officer brings down the Miscellaneous Form to the Front Desk for posting.
Guests will therefore travel through a sequence of 'gates, halls and chambers' culminating in a courtyard where daily life congregates.
Savour a two-course set lunch at RMB118 + 15%, inclusive of tea or coffee.
Guests were also able to take home customized artwork by thecalligrapher and taste the beautifully prepared Chinese tea.
Such was its immediate effect on the guests, that a cloud seemed to have rolled duskily from beneath the black crape, and dimmed the light of the candles.
The guests were sitting at long trestle tables under a ceiling of vines, or dancing in a clearing of beaten earth.
The guest list is still being drawn up and could change, but as things stand it's right (to say Mr Obama will not be invited).
After dinner guests are running out to participate in the reception, after dinner cocktail party usually does not supply food.
The living area has comfortable seating, a wall-mounted 40-inch LCD television and a DVD player with a stereo sound system.
After allowing the newlyweds to enter the bridal chamber, the guests would gain entry and snatch one of the bride's stockings.
He hoped they would all excuse the smallness of the party, and could assure them it should never happen so again.
"Guests supremacy, the first service" is our purpose, we will provide you with quality services, you live more comfortable and reassuring.
"Guests supremacy, service first" is our principle, we sincerely welcome you for coming!
Among the guests was a quiet, agreeable man with rimless glasses locking like a college professor .
The guest stays at an inn, must show the valid identification on own initiative, goes through the registration formality.
The bin Laden statement says the cartoons are part of a new crusade against Islam in which the Vatican has played a large and lengthy role.
Mr. Bingley was good-looking and gentlemanlike , he had a pleasant countenance , and easy, unaffected manners .
Bentley now uses the brand guidelines globally to maintain the same high standards in its brand expression as it applies to its products.
Benny says, Hey ain't you kids know better than to be swinging up there?
Binns was a dab hand at cricket and played for his county in his youth.
Bentley Motors, Ltd. was formed in 1919 with very little capital on hand, a plight that was to plague the company for the next decade.
Bing: We could, but wouldn't we be taking a risk that the gray market would undercut us?
Commuters crowded Penn Station yesterday waiting for information after building collapse played havoc with schedules.
Policymakers on both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue would benefit from assessing the Taiwan situation with a clean sheet of paper.
Other genetic changes pinpointed by the Pennsylvania team occurred in genes involved in a cellular waste system which probably ensures these "adhesion" proteins are kept in working order.
'Adjunct professors don't focus on irrelevant material, ' says Annie Cheng, a second-year law student at Penn.
It's an "intriguing" conclusion, says geoscientist Kevin Furlong of Pennsylvania State University, University Park.
The point of the University of Pennsylvania study was not to chastise the news media but rather assess what elements of cancer treatment are being routinely reported.
The Pennsylvania sentencing guidelines required a minimum sentence for a crime like this of two years, 24 months.
The Pennsylvania and Florida cases have led some Americans to charge that the very laws meant to protect children are now being used to victimize them.
Pennsylvania's colonial iron masters forged iron and a revolution that had both industrial and political implications .
"We're taking a wait-and-see approach, " said the 60-year-old business manager from Pennsylvania.
A professor of linguistics from the University of Pennsylvania wants to use the travel boundaries in his studies of regional dialect boundaries.
A Tokay gecko hangs upside down in its terrarium at the Academy of Natural Sciences in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The Soldiers National Museum in Gettysburg, Pa. , is a former orphanage where an employee supposedly chained children in the basement.
Pennsylvania pays its gaming managers better than any other state ($91, 850 a year, on average), but it's only got about 50 of them.
Stephen Boughn of Haverford College in Pennsylvania and Tony Rothman of Princeton University examine this question in a paper submitted to the arXiv preprint server.
"They squawk a bit but there has been no mass exodus, " says Denis Simon, a professor at Pennsylvania State University.
Alan Walker, of Pennsylvania Sate University, told Science: 'These things were very odd creatures.
Pennsylvania offers free coverage to families who earn up to twice the official poverty rate.
A borough of southwest Pennsylvania, a suburb of Pittsburgh on the Monongahela River. Population, 21, 923.
Pennsylvania voters originally thought their primary might be an afterthought in the campaign.
The mother of a Pennsylvania teen suspected in a school shooting plot is facing weapons charges.
A city of central Pennsylvania north of Harrisburg. It developed as a lumbering center in the 19th century. Population, 31, 933.
The governor of Pennsylvania had asked the president to say a few words at the ceremony. Lincoln agreed.
Penn is also remembered for peaceful interaction with the Lenni Lenape Indians and his draft of the Plan of Union, a forerunner of the U.
You find this sort of obscurity too often in modern philosophy. This sort of obscurity you find too often in modern philosophy.
Based in Beijing, Grapevine Wineclub (formally known as 9+1 Wine Club)commits to dedicate in the promotion of the wine culture.
The Highland Games in Ligonier, Pennsylvania, offer plenty of heavy athletes the opportunity to compete in events like tree-throwing.
Pennsylvania Avenue, America's "Main Street, " was one of the earliest streets constructed in the federal city.
Rob Burriss, of Penn State University, said: "A person with scarring might be seen as more brave, daring, or masculine. "
Students at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania enjoy debating the question of ethics on campus.
It has the most prestigious business school in the world, a great housing system, and a diverse student body.
Voters in Pennsylvania know in the end their choice will be historic, and for the first time a major political party will nominate either a woman or an African-American for the presidency.
Penn named the city Philadelphia, which is Greek for brotherly love (philos, "love" or "friendship" , and adelphos, "brother" ).
Slippery Rock University in Pennsylvania will hold a separate graduation for students returning from Mexico.
A man missed a mouse he was trying to shoot with a small-caliber handgun and wounded his girlfriend instead, Pa. State police said.
the wreckage of Flight 93 in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, where the actions of heroic citizens saved even more heartbreak and destruction.
Penn State's Center for Exoplanets and Habitable Worlds is organizing a conference in January 2012 to discuss planets and their dying stars.
Penn State, with its main campus located in University Park, Pa. , has undergraduates enrolled in more than 160 different majors.
The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania disagreed with Carrie Burnham, and she was denied the right to vote.
Urbane young Shanghaiers seem to baulk at the thought of breaking a sweat - not just due to a strange revulsion for discomfort, but because they tend to view it as a wholly alien concept.
The Courteous Staff Will Welcome You With A Professional Service And Help You Feel At Home In This Friendly Hotel.
As it was certain, however, that somebody was coming, Bingley instantly prevailed on Miss Bennet to avoid the confinement of such an intrusion, and walk away with him into the shrubbery.
Bingley did not answer, but his sisters agreed enthusiastically, and continued mocking their dear friend's vul- gar relations for some time.
"I am exceedingly gratified, " said Bingley, "by your converting what my friend says into a compliment on the sweetness of my temper.
How can Mr. Bingley, who seems good humour itself, and is, I really believe, truly amiable, be in friendship with such a man?
It must have been a most agreeable surprise to Mr. Bingley to see you all after him so soon; for, if I recollect right, he went but the day before.
Miss Bingley warmly resented the indignity he had received, in an expostulation with her brother for talking such nonsense.
Miss Bingley immediately fixed her eyes on his face, and desired he would tell her what lady had the credit of inspiring such reflections.
Miss Bingley said something of his never returning to Netherfield again, of giving up the house, but not with any certainty.
Miss Bingley's congratulations to her brother, on his approaching marriage, were all that was affectionate and insincere.
Bin to a medicine and magic, not a few days, but without leaving a scar.
Due to its geographic position and low price, Bin Xin supermarket has mastered the key market.
Penang was one of the three Straits Settlements under British rule along with Malacca and Singapore.
The Morphology of Areca catechu L. Flower and the Content Analysis of Tannic Acid
The common languages of Penang, depending on social classes, social circles and ethnic backgrounds are English, Malay and Mandarin.
The roar from this Dickensian forge in the port of Penang is part of a greater reverberation across Asia.
Eventually the seaside promenade will grow to twice its length and will host futuristic malls, cinemas and arcades.
Coastal Georgia was too firmly held by an entrenched aristocracy for him ever to hope to win the place he intended to have.
Waterfront property, like the bungalows at Sentosa Cove, the city's beach area where foreigners can buy property, is relatively new to Singapore's upscale market and is particularly sought after.
Planting of Trees for Landscape Greening on Alkali-saline soil in the Beach Phoenix Piazza
Total assets of our city state administrative institutions have been expanding in the state share of total assets continued to rise.
Coastal tourism is an important part of the tourism industry and one of the fastest-growing parts of the world's tourism industry .
Much of the waterfront is open to visitors, including a long walkway along the bay.
Prior to Marina Bay's emergence, most of Singapore's nightlife was centered around its quays, or wharfs.
Seaside underground brine mainly has two different origin patterns: brines formed by seawater evaporation model and crybrine theory.
After getting settled, some of the project adopt the method of changing soil and replant the foliage to reach the rapid respond.
Strategy on Protection and Mitigation of Crop Damage Caused by Injurious organism in Binhai District
Binhe Park is the largest urban central park in area in Baoding city and one of the main recreational places for the elderly of the city.
The lakeside 82 kilometer Tai Lake waterfronts , got together the Wuxi most essence scenery resources.
Lake scenic area is songshan lakeside road of the core scenic strolling everywhere, the kite, biking, the crowd.
Plant Community Proceeding Succession and Species Investigation Research in the Lakeside Sandy Area
The bathing lakeside is an ideal site for freshwater bath, sunbath and sand bath.
"The worrying thing is that this was orchestrated as the beginning of something better, but this may be the end of the line, " Ms Hama said.
The winding coastlines of the Yangtze and Jialing rivers enjoy great potential for riverside sight development.
plate has moved to attract high - end residential sector eyeball , But recently, the office property getting better.
build a wooden footway in the riverside landscape belt and a dock of calling for pleasure boat in the east of the planning block.
any of various herbaceous plants of the genus Atriplex that thrive in deserts and salt marshes.
The only difference in the shorebird case is that they were separated by time, whereas the large flightless birds were separated by oceans.
Finally she relented to his request that she at least attend vocal training, only because " I had nothing better to do. "
The strand shallow lake-bar sandstone had the characteristics of thin reservoir, low porosity and low permeability.
there might be somebody who knew her, but it was like looking FOR a needle in a bundle of hay.
Waterfront area develops as the vibrant component in organizing urban scenery because of its activity and penetrability, which indicates profound cultural details and profuse substance civilization.
Investigations and analysis of the natural enemy species of wheat-aphid in Binzhou Town
Bank why does state edge have such charm? This profit from bank state city desk does to understand and hold to investment climate.
The Atlantic Ocean coastline, where Argentina’s capital city of Buenos Aires sits along the Río de la Plata, is dimly visible at image top left.
Strictly protected as an endangered species, the magnificent Bengal tiger is nonetheless a common target for poachers.
The critically endangered golden lion tamarin is named for its striking orange mane.
Seeing the endangered tiger is a highlight of a wildlife and culture safari with Wildland Adventures.
The endangered creatures include the manatee, the Miami blackhead snake, the wood stork and the Florida panther.
An endangered species, their biggest threat is humans, who unwittingly hit them with their boats in shallow waters.
The endangered Cooloola sedge frog (Litoria cooloolensis) is part of the rare group of acid frogs—so named because they find refuge in naturally acidic waters, including Fraser's freshwater lakes.
The moribund IPO market makes it harder for venture funds to cash in their investments.
"When the ESA was passed, it was not contemplated it would be a tool to address the issue of climate change, " he said.
without the bustling and hustling in the clamorous city, we find a tranquil resort for the weary heart.
Instead of a carburetor to mix the fuel and air, a computer controls when the fuel injectors open to let fuel into the engine.
Exorcised of the seventies, this townhouse was given new life through good design, quality workmanship and materials.
said the undertaker: raising the candle above his head, to get a better view of Oliver.
Mike, the home's director, sat us down at a walnut-stained table and let out a sigh. "I got the report from the hospital, " he said.
"Take the long hill road up, Thompson--it will be easier on the horses, " called the liveryman as the undertaker snapped the door of the hearse and prepared to mount to the driver's seat.
The undertaker's men will come and lift the coffin; there will be nothing in it.
The undertaker said that the dye had done a strange thing to his eyeballs, turned them white and completely so, so that the brown of his irises and the black of his pupils had been leached away.
In that case a mortuary worker found in a freezer an empty bag that should have contained the body part.
Patellofemoral pain, crepitus, and locking are infrequent symptoms after total knee arthroplasty (TKA).
Small osteophytes are seen in relation to the patellofemoral articulation more pronounced of the right.
Conversion to TKA is likely to be the salvage procedure after failed arthroplasty; thus, careful patient selection is important.
Small incision by the patellar tendon for fracture of the intercondylar eminence of the tibia
Stick to moderate sideburns that come down to the middle point of your ear. Longer sideburns make your face more narrow and vice-versa.
Soldiers nailed a man's hands to her. The third tree realized it was being used for a cruel purpose.
There they offered Jesus wine to drink, mixed with gall; but after tasting it, he refused to drink it.
So they took the money, and did as they were taught: and this saying is commonly reported among the Jews until this day.
They offered him wine vinegar and said, "If you are the king of the Jews, save yourself. "
And the soldiers wove a crown of thorns and put it on His head, and they threw a purple garment around Him.
Armory. Armory: This structure is used to research upgrades for infantry, tanks, etc.
Terra Cotta Warriors not only on a grand scale, and many types of, personality is distinct.
Terra Cotta Worries are beautiful and tired , but they won't die quickly .
Armies of Terra Cotta Soldiers are hint to the warrior heritage of this country.
The army is still known to most Chinese people as the "terracotta warriors and horses. "
the Terra Cotta Warriors is the highest in tourist satisfaction indicator, while the Famen Temple is the lowest;
The special and high risk enhances the necessity to cany on safety evaluation in the ordnance industry.
"Good morning, " said the soldier, touching his cap, for he had never seen such a dog in his life.
The Legion was split into special mission groups, often to supplement other clone missions.
The Surrey and Analysis of Table-tennis in Shihezi University Public Physical Education Reform
The regiment was a home, too, and a home as unchangeably dear and precious as the parental home.
Corps as a national implementation of the offender moved an important base, and its presence is very necessary.
Soldier wants sincere spoken and reticent. He says that he doesn't understand what the love is.
Compared with workers, there was only a differentiation stage in oogenesis in soldiers and no growth stage.
Terms of Service: Military service is by selective conscription, with terms lasting two years.
Military Service: Service in the Filipino military is voluntary with terms lasting three years at least.
Military Service: The Kuwaiti military uses both conscription and voluntary systems, with terms of service lasting two years.
Term of Service: The Hungarian military utilizes a conscription system of service, with terms lasting nine months.
It serves as a prerequisite for Reapers to be built at the Barracks.
Barracks are now the only buildings into which Guard Captains can be slotted.
the low quality of soldiers and their bad treatment, as well as the undue dependence and connivance of emperors to the army.
The NCO corps includes all the grades of sergeants and corporals . The Naval equivalent includes all levels of petty officers.
The sleet began to taper off, and silence returned like a lost friend.
Hail is probably the most important peril along the populated south-eastern seaboard, but no regulations govern roofing materials.
The hail is a kind of in small dimensions of weather phenomenon, take place in the geography complicated mountain area and foothill much.
The National Weather Service issues a significant weather alert if hail size in a thunderstorm is less than 1 inch in diameter .
The ice is molded in great detail and translucent, the horizon in the background abstract and serene.
Thinner regions of ice typically defrost first revealing sand whose darkness soaks in sunlight and accelerates the thaw.
Iced tea, mineral water and fruit juices will be available, but alcohol will be strictly prohibited.
Out of whose womb came the ice? and the hoary frost of heaven, who hath gendered it?
In scientific circles it had been known for months that something was badly wrong with the glacier claim.
It is not [a] surprise that there are differences for glacier changes, even within the Himalayas themselves.
There are parallel grooves or scratches produced when the glacier moved with its load of embedded rock on the lower side .
Glacial melt would lead to increased summer flows in some directions for a few decades, followed by a reduction as glaciers disappear.
Glacial meltwater flows into Tasermiut fjord in south Greenland on a late September afternoon.
The main stem, the main flow of the glacier is coming from the right and it's going very rapidly up that stem.
Rocks of assorted sizes and shapes are embedded in the bottom of a glacier.
The factors, which effect slope stability, are engineering properties of glacial deposits, rainfall, water erosion and slope excavation.
A nearly vertical shaft or cavity worn in a glacier by surface or rock debris falling through a crack in the ice.
The movements over the glacial lakes are very different from the ocean and are soothing to the senses of the body.
Englacial channels carry melt-water from the surface of the glacier down to the bed-rock underneath.
One of a series of short scars made by glacial DRIFT on a surface of bedrock.
Glaciers were melting, and a perceptible increase in air and ocean temperature could be claimed.
When man started farming at the end of the ice age was the moment his gods began farming too.
Apart from climate change and humidity, elevation also appears to play a critical role in the lifespan of glaciers, which are large persistent bodies of ice.
Also from Migratory Drift, this landscape proves on close examination to be a hybrid of natural and human-directed.
The glaciers are melting, storms have increased in ferocity, there are landslides and floods, followed by droughts and deforestation.
Glacier is dominated by psychrotolerants, and a relatively simple ecosystem consisting of mainly microorganisms and glacial environment.
Glaciation may also be conducive for the formation of supergiant sediment-hosted stratiform copper deposits.
Ice bars and my mind the most pure and beautiful flowers, the masterpiece of nature yo, always in the winter my unlimited imagination.
Glacial acetic acid is a dehydrating agent and an irritant and is corrosive.
Crispy romaine lettuce, garlic croutons, grated parmesan and original Caesar dressing. A true classic!
Penguin skates are a matter for the rescue of his girlfriend and upset, because a group of angry snowman captured all its friends!
It has been likened to the canary in the coal mine, an early warning signal for the global economy.
The debacle is due to the unexpected severity of the financial crisis and shocking policy errors.
The company behind Iceland's fin whaling industry is planning a huge export of whalemeat to Japan.
Iceland lies on the convergence of two tectonic plates and is one of the most volcanically active areas in the world.
Iceland’s recuperation seems to offer two big lessons for Ireland and other troubled euro-zone countries.
Iceland's tale exemplifies why central banks around the world are spraying liquidity at the financial system to keep banks in business.
Iceland's self-image is tied to western Europe: we like to think of ourselves as the small Atlantic state that links Europe and the US.
The volcano in Iceland is still erupting, so we're very closely monitoring this situation.
Iceland’s power is trapped in Iceland, and if there is something poetic about the idea of trapped power, there is also something prosaic in how the Icelanders have come to terms with the problem.
Iceland's position reflects its internal political stability and its good relations with its neighbours.
Its banks borrowed many times the amount of money they held in deposits. In recent weeks, Iceland has had to seize three major banks.
Iceland has the most positive view of entrepreneurs—but the OECD data on this is from 2007, before its economy imploded.
In the Iceland v. Netherlands match, the Icelanders recouped the IMPs just lost because they too showed more discipline.
Iceland found, to its peril, that its access to the leading currencies was not as sure as it had hoped.
Iceland is famous in the world, all smoked salmon and smoked trout is the best taste delicious.
A massive ash cloud originating in Iceland was receding and freeing European airspace after five days of airport closures.
The volcano in Iceland continues to spurt and this is not going to stop anytime soon.
Iceland may have been the winner of that race, but its citizens were the losers.
Iceland is voting on a milder form of that solution this weekend (see article).
Iceland sends out financial SOS as its economy is in turmoil, currency collapsing, and inflation soaring.
In Iceland's most recent history the massive eruption of the Laki volcano in 1783 caused one of the greatest disasters in living history.
Iceland's economy expanded rapidly on the back of high borrowing rates and is now facing potential difficulties refinancing its debts.
Iceland"s economy is basically capitalistic, yet with an extensive welfare system (including generous housing subsidies), low unemployment, and remarkably even distribution of income.
It's a rich venue, because Icelanders have a limited gene pool and highly detailed genealogical records.
The repercussions of the Laki Volcano eruption in Iceland resonated throughout Europe for the next few years.
"We have bubbling hot waters, spas, saunas and heated water pools to swim in, " Svanhildur Konradsdottir, chairwoman of the Icelandic Tourist Council, said.
The eruption of Eyjafjallajokull in the south of Iceland was one of these.
Iceland's internal affairs ministry said Huang's investment group did not meet legal requirements for acquiring the land.
Iceland is broke, but it's got geothermal heating, so at least no one will freeze to death.
Early in the day, seismic tremors hinted that lava might have started flowing from the volcano, said the Icelandic Met Office.
The Icelander asks to be allowed to compose an epic poem in the old style about how cruelly he is being treated and about how great Iceland is.
Icelanders believe only a dolt is unable to see the other fellow's position.
Icelanders even established a village in Newfoundland, though it lasted only a decade or so.
Icelanders are good, too: They are all descendants, Barzilai says, of five Viking men and four Irish women.
Iceland is the result of a "hotspot" in which material rises from deep within the Earth, pushing part of this ridge up into the air.
In an address last week, Iceland's prime minister told his countrymen that they would have to fall back on the resources of land and sea.
Iceland, a Nordic country that is not strictly part of Scandinavia, boasts an award winner too.
Rather than taking Glitnir into administration, the CBI enforced nationalisation on punitive terms.
Iceland was also unwilling to use unorthodox tools to provide more backing to its system.
Iceland has kept out of the EU, not least to safeguard its cod-fishing quotas.
Airline passengers are facing disruption across the UK after warnings of an ash cloud from a volcanic eruption in Iceland.
Iceland has discovered the limits of trying to shore upconfidence in a supersized banking sector with its own currency.
Iceland has a marine patrol boat and small plane equipped for fishing zones to protect and rescue at sea.
ICELAND spends proportionately more on culture and recreation than other rich countries, with private and public spending together touching 10% of GDP.
Icelandic breakfast cuisine – a hearty and hot breakfast to fight off the dark, icy mornings is what’s needed here.
The government of Iceland has had to nationalise two of its biggest banks and is frantically seeking a lifeline loan from Russia.
The Icelandic government has introduced emergency measures to try to limit the outflow of foreign currency to protect the faltering krona.
Its government lavishes over twice as much as others on providing sports, arts and recreational facilities for its citizens.
Iceland went bust because a country of fishermen was deluded into thinking it had become a giant investment bank.
Iceland's President Olafur Grimsson is trying to drive carbon dioxide underground to 1 its release into the air.
Saturday's referendum was triggered by Iceland's president, who refused to sign a bill passed by parliament in February to reimburse the Britain and the Netherlands.
The bottom layer of ice becomes flexible and therefore allows the glacier to move.
An ice climber makes his way up the walls of a stone quarry near the central German city of Fuerth on January 14, 2010.
They took those shapes, that is, until this winter, when in sauntered Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck and Winnie the Pooh.
As you might imagine, with the parities of the freezing process, no two instruments are quite the same.
Chilled cucumber slices, if nothing else, will help to treat eyebags by acting as a cold compress.
Clinical assessment of routine storage and cryopreserved platelet by single donator apheresis on patients with haematological disease
Methamphetamine and ecstasy in the pharmacological effects on a central stimulant, the destruction of people's nerve center.
Frozen sun in the spring of hazy exeunt cloudily, clouds of memory, along with the deception was a tear rolling over and over.
A significant upgrade from frozen armor, this defensive shield deals an icy blast to any attackers, numbing them with cold, searing pain.
"The madam of the ice . . . . . . " lane Mo murmured 1. See loose and want to unravel. Hurriedly put a hand.
The doctor advises the patient to put ice on his bruises to minimize the swelling.
Measurements from ice buoys show that indeed melting at the bottom of the sea ice has increased significantly in recent years.
Icecrown Citadel will be home of the updated instance difficulty setting which can be changed on a boss per boss basis.
Icecrown Citadel features 10- and 25-player versions of the raid dungeon, and each version has 12 encounters.
The Ice Age may have hindered the cultural revolution in the north, but elsewhere it could have been instrumental in furthering it.
The universal global warming at the end of the Ice Age had dramatic effects on temperate regions of Asia, Europe, and North America.
Ice Age features a cast of lovable prehistoric creatures including a sloth, a sabre-tooth tiger and a mammoth – the grumpy Manny.
When the ice with small children-and quite touching Modal heart, Zhiyuan accompanied by two dependencies, no longer lonely.
Their seaward edges are speeding up, and the ice sheet behind them is thinning.
The incised alley was gradually inundated when sea-level rose during the postglacial period and a huge estuary was formed.
Curling is so leisurely that he can easily multitask, with one eye on his Bloomberg terminal that provides financial data and another on a game.
Most of the more dilapidated housing, public health conditions almost missing, the public exercise equipment is irrelevant.
The founder of Icecreamists, Matt O'Connor, said he could not understand people being squeamish about the product.
Ice cream is a cool, satisfying summer treat, but a scoop a day can keep the bikini away.
Take a stroll with your ice cream and you might be able to catch some young artists in the streets.
It was the cream ice, as it was called, that had the greatest appeal.
Ice-induced vibration can cause larger platform deck acceleration response, thereby endangering the upper pipelines of the jacket platform.
Standing water on ice shelves is often a sign that they are close to collapse as the water can widen existing cracks in the ice.
there is pure thermal growth ice in polynyas of Larsen A and the ice is transferred outwards.
The calving face is the wall where the visible ice breaks off, but in fact, it goes down below sea level another couple thousand feet.
As refreshing as icy crystal, contain doubles of moisture, make skin no longer dry, leave skin watery and smooth again.
The ice crystals must be oriented horizontally and the observer's line of sight must be close to horizontal to see the sundogs.
Ice crystals should be plate shaped. They float in the air close to the ground reflecting light back downwards.
The thickness of ice cube and the capacity of ice storage room are both adjustable and easy to be installed.
Icecream Mein mein ice Oatmeal ice Sweet potato ice Red bean with milk ice Eight treasures ice Tofu pudding
WINTER Cold and raw the north wind doth blow, Bleak in the morning early; All the hills are covered with snow, And winter's now come fairly.
Arctic air and gusty winds made for a cold day on the East Coast.
A freezing downpour washed the black asphalt street in front of the small-town bar.
FROSTY FRESH: Lend an air of alpine freshness with a cool palette of icy blues and greens.
Now he felt the cold whiskey breaking a warm path straight through the middle of him, growing hotter and sharper as it moved.
Research on Initial Corona Characteristics of Icicle to Ice-Covered Plane Model under Positive Polarity
The water under the ice streams acts as a lubricant to ease the travel of the ice toward the sea.
Ice-cap melting, rises in sea levels, flooding, cyclones and storms will be an inevitable consequence.
As the ice melts, more waters become navigable for the transport of goods or military exercises.
A couple of years ago, the sea ice did not form at all until December and was gone again in March.
So its very smooth very flat ice and you push a sledge on it and then you let go , what happens ? The sledge keeps going. How can that be ?
There was no reason to stop skating, since the ice did not stop. And so we skated right into the woods.
Lakes appeared all over the ice, a tragic testament to the all too rapidly changing natural environment.
The general low level of friction on ice allows a skater to glide along the surface smoothly without friction stopping the motion as soon as it's begun.
During "glacial" stages, the temperature was low and ice extended far away from the poles.
The ice-cream stick was empty, and under it was a sticky mess of vanilla and chocolate that anTS were enjoying.
Ice-cream could be made, with the option of using either artificial sweetener or sugar.
Ice cream did not reach America until about the middle of the eighteenth century.
It was a favorite dessert of George Washington, and records reveal that the president himself purchased a machine for making it.
Cause of Formation and Treatment Analysis for Unpractical Stone Block and Cobble in Moraine Layer
IceBridge scientists were surveying the Pine Island Glacier to learn how the glacier is changing and why.
IceBridge flies airplanes over the ice carrying radar and lidar equipment to measure its thickness.
Sticks are not to be used to cross-check or slash opponents, these fouls will be penalized with a strict enforcement.
The ice hockey players shoot the puck into the goal's net. The team with the most points wins.
(ice hockey) the method of starting play; a referee drops the puck between two opposing players.
Ice hockey is Canada's official national game. The modern game of ice hockey was developed in Canada. Another popular game is lacrosse.
The puck is flat and slides on the ice. The hockey player moves it around with his hockey stick .
ICE hockey is a rough sport and played chiefly by men. The rink is divided into three zones, attacking, neutral and defending zones.
Ice hockey is the world's fastest game. Players often skate 30 miles an hour. They get tired quickly.
Analysis on technical organic - transform between ice hockey player and roller skater
Ice-class tugboat “Nevskaya Zastava” (“Neva Outpost”) was designed and constructed in St. Petersburg.
Tip #6: Use an eyelash curler Curling lashes gives eyes the appearance of being wider and brighter.
Icebergs size ranges from the one of an ice cube to the one of a country.
Berg : A mass of ice broken off from a glacier and floating in the sea .
The icebergs then ran aground, melted and dropped their rocky burdens on the seabed, where subsequent uplift raised them above the waves.
They exist only a short time and then slowly waste away just as unnoticed.
The Iceberg Theory is a term used to describe the writing style of American writer Ernest Hemingway.
This berg has some ice-debris on it that has probably fallen from other ice calvings, as it drifted by the Humboldt glacier that it has calved from.
Icebergs are among nature’s most spectacular creations, and yet most people have never seen one. A vague air of mystery envelops them.
Icebergs are beautiful. Some icebergs rise hundreds of feet out of the water. They look like white mountains floating in the sea.
They come into being ----- somewhere ------in faraway, frigid waters, amid thunderous noise and splashing turbulence, which in most cases no one hears or sees.
The dignity of movement of an ice-berg is due to only one-eighth of it being above water.
The name "Iceberg" in the logo (sign) turns into a crown of ice.
The magnificent and grand sight of the iceberg movement is because that it, only has one eighth on the surface of water.
Icebergs grind against the shallows off the Rothera base, run by the British Antarctic Survey, on the Antarctic Peninsula, January 25, 2009.
Ice spells typically do small damage and impair the movement of the target.
Curling is a game played on a sheet of ice, and Scotland has been its real home since the early part of the seventeenth century.
Rink hockey is mainly played in the Cuyo region (especially in San Juan Province).
Ice dancing is again for couples consisting of a woman and a man skating together.
Ice dance differs from pairs in focusing on intricate footwork performed in close dance holds, in time with the music.
Glacier tongues grow longer year by year until they eventually break off, calving a new iceberg.
Frost Strike: Instantly strike the enemy, causing 50% weapon damage plus 3 as Frost damage. Does double damage to Frozen targets.
Fingers of frost crept slowly up the weirwood, reaching out for each other. The empty village was no longer empty.
Frost Rune Mastery(Tier 6) replaced by Rime, which increases damage by your Icy Touch and Howling Blast by 15%.
Frost and sulfuric lava cover the volcanic moon, while red - glowing lava is visible beneath the blue sunlight - scattering plume.
Frost Nova: Will now properly overwrite the effect of Shattered Barrier and of Frostbite.
Path of Frost - Your Path of Frost ability allows you to fall from a greater distance without suffering damage.
Ice water may not quench your thirst, but a cup of warm tea may do.
The coolant is a mixture of ice and water, its temperature can be kept constant for a long period.
Flowing water early in April, Elm brown buds will emerge and gradually become darker green.
Change the water of ice water system every 3 months. If not possible, please add rust remover.
Knocks in the cupboard , The desert sighs in the bed, And the crack in the tea- cup opens A lane, to the land of the dead .
Ice-sugar gourd enjoyed by young and old, it has appetizers, raise colour, increase the wisdom, eliminate fatigue, ginger role.
After the Firmament's collapse, radiation eventually shrunk the physical size of humans and gradually limited the length of their life span.
This owl looks like it's taking advantage of the cold weather to practise its skating moves on the ice.
And Icefrog called the Sentinel, and the other side they called Scourge. And there was enemy and there was ally, one day.
And Icefrog said, Let the forest build lot kinds of track, and let insidious man cross above the track in the open expanse of watercourse.
Ice Kiss – With the help of an ice cube, gently rub the ice on her back and as the ice melts off her.
With a head the size of a refrigerator and teeth as big as bananas, it was an immensely powerful predator.
A refrigerator-sized plexiglass prototype unit in Northeastern's Hydropneumatic Power Laboratory is a bit more complicated.
The freezer's cooling mechanism rattled, then fell silent, and she realised that she hadn't been aware of the noise it was making.
The food in your fridge might look and smell fine, but if it's a day out of date (or even on the use-by day) do you throw it straight in the bin?
Besides the food sufficient for five of us for three days, we also stuffed a self with beer, champagne, wine and vodka.
With MMS in the refrigerator, you are not a helpless victim confronted by armies of invisible viral enemies.
A layer of something thick and clear is collecting on top of the tallow in the fridge.
The freezer holds one ancient package of sausage (I look at the date, then throw it out), one bag of peas, and half a dozen plastic containers full of ice.
The refrigerator had nothing but mustard, a few cheese slices and fourteen cans of Diet 7-Up.
There's some iced tea in the fridge and I just bought some orange juice but it's not cold yet.
In the fridge there was a large leg of pork which she was planning to cook on Sunday. There was not a moment to lose.
Technology Analysis and Design of Injection Mold for Envelop-Cover of Refrigerator and Freezer
Those racks in the fridge door are the worst place to store eggs - the constant shaking thins the whites, and the smells and flavours of other foods can penetrate the shell.
freezer interior can use boric acid or alexipharmic paper towel is wiped, put aside frame should take clean with water.
Fridge , washer &amp; dryer, men ' s clothing, bike, BBQ, dinette, dresser, fans, microwaves, recliner, DVD player .
Refrigerator, washing-machine , colour set, air-conditioning combined set , camera , telephone, sound box, microwave oven, electric rice cooker , desk lamp, shaver , calculator, computer?
Discussion on the Noise Analyzing and the Reduction of Noise of the Hermetic Compressor in a Refrigerator
freezer, which both freezes a portion of the water and whips air into the frozen mix.
Observation on the effect of Bing- Xiang ointment and Chinese herbal medicine fume wash to cure contusion and sprain
A Calculation of the Equipment Capacity for Ice-storage Air Conditioning System Discharging Singly from Storage
Huge amounts of ice particles from his skate blades fly high into the air and float back down on the entire rink, resembling a snow fall.
wind wrap about him like a cloak. The orc laughed, the skull floating over his face issuing its own.
The icy Finland not only made his face icy, but also made his character unswerving .
Snowdrifts blocked the truck doors, so he heaved the suitcase and garbage bag out the window.
An ice covered mailbox is seen as a PECO crew works in a neighborhood without power in Coatesville, Pa. , Wednesday, Feb.
The frozen snow was so slippery that it was hard to keep one's feet.
As well as 59 bedrooms, there is a cinema, a sauna, an art gallery, achapel and an uber-cool vodka bar.
What are the words used by indigenous peoples in the Arctic for hornet, robin, elk , or salmon If you don t know, you re not alone.
In the season when ice and snow start to thaw, I slowly wake up from a sound, rosy sleep. Indulged in self-love in beautiful dreamland, I am dedicated to waiting for you in great patience.
Diagnosis and treat and prevention on the knee cap rickets of the winter athlete
A deep lake of melt water formed behind the frigid dam, fifing several valleys in Idaho and western Montana.
Ice, liquid water and water vapor may be referred to as the same substance.
The ice is expected to be as hard as concrete , and a drill on the scoop will help gather enough frozen samples .
These sheets sequester a great deal of water, causing sea levels to plunge and exposing the land bridge across the Bering Strait.
Ice is only ice is only one-half calorie per gram per degree centigrade.
Glaciers also provide an environmental record by trapping air bubbles in ice that reveal atmospheric conditions in the past.
Design of parallel beam-splitting Nicol prism with combination of Iceland spar and glass
Iceland spar is a form of calcite that splits light into two beams.
Iceland Spar is and expansive optical crystal and it is difficult to be processed because of its complete cleavage and brittleness .
Propofol, a general anesthesia used widely, has a protective effect for a variety of organs and tissues.
A Comparison of the Effects of Propofol and Thiopental on Convulsive Seizure During Electro-convulsive Therapy
A method for synthesizing propylene glycol methyl ether relates to a method for synthesizing propylene glycol methyl ether.
Propanediol methyl ether, a fine chemical of wide use with low toxicity, has been one of the focus of researches.
Propylene glycol is also used "As the killing and preserving agent in pitfall traps, usually used to capture ground beetles" [10].
The initial concentration of malonic acid, chlorine dioxide, iodide and sulfuric acid has great influence on the oscillation.
Title: Are Chronic Hepatitis C Viral Infections More Benign in Patients With Hemophilia?
Nor did the rate of hepatitis C alter, suggesting that people there are injecting just as many drugs with just as many dirty needles.
It is usually contracted through transfusions of unscreened blood, or by injecting or inhaling drugs.
Polypropylene fiber is not easy to fall off, easy to clean, compared with the high quality nylon and wool prices more acceptable.
Fabric made of Polypropylene fiber features soft hand feel, good draping and wrinkle resistance.
Pp low melting point, abrasive wear, friction of the surface layer of fluff fluff decline phenomenon may lead to irremediable.
Polypropylene, wool or other fabrics that wick moisture away from the skin and retain insulating properties keep the body warm when wet.
Effect of Propyl Dihydrojasmonate on the Ultrastructure of Root Tip of Midget Cr abapple Seedling
Plagiarism, if noted, the entry will be summarily rejected or even the diploma would be withdrawn, if awarded.
The tetrachloroethylene carbonate is decomposed by heating same with a catalytic amount of a tertiary amine or amide.
Acetone is charged into the cylinder and completely fills the pores of the filler material.
A three-dimensional model study of the effect of new temperature-dependent quantum yields for acetone photolysis
Activation of Cyanide-resistant Respiration by Pyruvate in Mitochondria of Aged Potato Tuber Slices
Application of propane 1, 2, 2, 3 - ethyl ester tetracarboxylic acid as plasticizer, and preparation method.
Correspondly, propane conversion and the aromatics selectivity over this catalyst were sup. . .
The epoxidation of propylene to propylene oxide is one of the most challenging research targets in catalysis.
Acrylics are scoured with nonionic detergents, and CARE is taken to avoid alkaline conditions, since these fibers turn yellow in hot alkali.
The feasibility of this method is demonstrated by a case study of precise measurement of propylene flows for an acrylonitrile unit.
This announcement is necessitated by the escalation in the costs of key raw materials including acrylic monomers, styrene and glyoxal.
Acrylate spray-applied waterproof membrane is used in tunnel and underground engineering, and its importance is self-evident.
Acrylic sub-coating substrate, high transmission, low haze; Used for diffusion of backlit under LCD.
Acrylate micro-emulsion is a nano phase dispersion system, which has excellent penetrability, affinity, and film forming ability, and these abilities make it have high application potential.
Acryloyl substituted distamycin derivative, process for preparing them, and use as antitumor and antiviral agents.
Here propene is separated from light gases by absorption in methanol and is almost quantitatively recycled with negligible losses.
BATHS FOR DOMESTIC PURPOSES MADE OF ACRYLIC MATERIAL. ADDITIONAL SPECIFICATION FOR THE MOUNTING OF TAPS ON BATHS.
The third thought for a while and said, "On top of the well winch sleeps an infant. "
Hepatitis C is a blood-borne infectious disease of the lier and a leading cause of cirrhosis, lier cancer and the need for lier transplants.
Abnormal excretion - accumulation of serum bilirubin, which is normally taken up by the liver and excreted into bile, resulting in jaundice.
They are really like a group of beautiful birds, who seem to lead us into a wonderful forest world.
C as to relinquish his 2 dollar bad debt to B but in return he acquired the land which is worth 1 dollar now.
The therapy of immunoglobulin plus sensitive antibiotics showed better cure rate compared with that of antibiotic group.
Gammaglobulin can concentrated from plasma and can be used to help people who lack immune globulinsfightinfection.
The increased length of the stem brought the increased stress of femur slightly, but had little effect on the stress of prosthesis.
Two alligator clips on the end will hold a variety of bag sizes, making sample collection easy and fast.
The handle seems to be of three-axis Dao, very thick. Is it rhombus in section? Armour-breaking wimble?
The scape is the first or basal segment of the antenna and is often conspicuously longer than any of the succeeding segments.
Stem can be rotated in relation to sleeve to correct rotational deformity of femur .
The hilt seems to be blade jade, not white jade, is it gold of scabbard! Good Dao, I'm satisfied if I have one!
The end of hilt is retrorse, maybe a Song Dao. Song long-hilt Dao has such style.
So was the hilt that you know from new rivet. Is it broken inside?
With the humility characteristic of her Chinese heritage, Jung had recognized she needed a fresh perspective.
The endowment effect is an irrational preference to keep what you have rather than switch. Better the devil you know and all that.
Your Majesty, this rehearsal adheres to the usual rules only wooden swords are employed. Please examine the weapons, Your Highness.
Oursang Lighting is a new lighting brand which specializes in research and innovation with a concept of "being responsible for light" .
In line with the promise of this age, I want to exhort each of the graduates here to take on an issue.
Sincere, fair and innovative, pragmatic, and gas riches of the business philosophy of "sincere service" for purposes of the Company.
In line with the promise of this age, I want to exhort each of the graduates here to take on an issue
With that in mind, Emerson Climate Technologies has updated its white paper on refrigerants for commercial refrigeration applications.
A history of two thousand years ago the Wuyue forging technology, opening up his own new world!
Uphold the quality first, the principle of giving priority customers, dedicated to the general customer service.
Uphold the principles of "people-oriented" concept for you to provide broader career development space and you grow with the company.
Bing Sizhu lymph node enlargement or contraction, greyish-purple, pink healthy pig lymph nodes;
images of women with firm personality manifests stubborn stance to contend shackle of male supremacy culture.
These usually placid zebras let off some steam by taking part in a fun group play fight, but this time, they bared their teeth and even jumped on each other's backs.
The manufacturers had to pay more money than they had anticipated, or they bought the biscuit from the student for $24,000.
Aurelio feels results have proved the decision of the club's owners to return the King to his throne was the right one.
biscuit type of food is the main component of flour and sugar, there is no nutrition, flavor and pigment cause liver damage.
Biscuit, cereals, maple syrup , chocolate, soft drinks, fruit jam, nuts, coffee and Icewine.
Fabio Aurelio has had a setback as well but it isn't the same injury. He should be training before the end of the week.
Indeed, the cake was hard. A big ma'moul that I brought with me from the tavern.
Bread is popular a kind of traditional people food, in northern China is more popular, is a very common homely staple food.
They have effect upon the same terms, covenants and conditions as if it were a lease.
according to the index , i introduce the program flowchart and the experiment result.
And pressing the small, poised feet of a mother who smiles as she sings.
A new method to deform surfaces using radial basis function is proposed by replacing the Euclidean distance as geodesic distance.
Escalate the conflict with each turn. For example, a bumbling handyman's attempt at a minor repair results in an entire house collapsing.
Point the finger at the predatory nature of men (and aggressive women) who "want only one thing" .
And he rolled a great stone to the door of the monument, and went his way.
And helps him in own position like a fish in water, tides over the difficulty bravely, has held on to your hat oneself President's seat.
and maintain a 5 rating. All views should be generated from different IP's unique visitors. No targeting needed, but nordic views preferred.
As well assure materials are strong and sewn completely as we have seen bags rip on top panel at seem behind handle.
D. and then confined to sensory deprivation chambers and later exposed to a harsh interrogation sessions by intelligence people.
and being asked to perform to that sort of level, but the horse, and certainly, the British horses, have been prepared very, very well. . .
Stiles is accused of molesting a three-year-old girl and recording it on videotape.
And the spirit of the German military doctors, outpatient medical practice for many years to open mouth, Won the local people alike.
Difference of skin prick test responses at various ages and with different gender was investigated.
and shah have executed an express written agreement in favor of Corporation so to do.
He said the fund doesn't rule out investing in domestic stock-index futures, which China plans to launch April 16.
Any attempt to shoot the rocket itself down would be an act of war, it has said.
She said managing requests for handbags, all of which are handmade in Paris, was part of their customer service.
She said managing requests for handbags, all of which are handmade in Paris, was part of their customer service.
as you will realize, cover damage done by improper use or neglect of upkeep.
Google, no less than Microsoft, is mainly interested these days in entrenching its existing franchise.
I am not indicating that I have evidence of a broad global problem but my hunch is that this attitude is indeed widespread.
It doe 't mean the in existence of fear if have courage, but is dares facing to fear, to overcome the fear.
Not unexpectedly, not everyone was equally pleased about this family outing to Auschwitz.
There is nothing that necessarily predisposes the French to conservatism or resistance to change.
There is no single process, but many smaller processes that mesh together to form the seemingly unified process at that level.
Not a big amount, but not an easy thing to keep on . Because of her, I feel inwardly happy.
It is not much, but if everybody did as much this Earth would soon be a paradise.
Not uncommonly, pelvic fractures may display features of more than one pattern of injury but the same rules of stability apply.
The ugly run-up to Pennsylvania must have made him wish, even more fervently than before, that the super delegates will end the race soon.
Not just by being taught, but they are made visible in an experiential way and can be felt as true.
More than just a re-sculpted face, a pretty midriff, and a Bob Mackie dress, Cher has also become a one-woman cottage industry.
For the country is not just bust, it is deeply uncompetitive, and dealing with that will require years of painful reforms.
It's not just the money that gets spent on debatable gifts; it's the time spent away from family in an attempt to make them happy.
While it seems contrive that Mathieu should reach out for his boyfriend's ex, it is not hard to understand what draws him to Pierre.
Not surprisingly, those on the other end of the auction had no clue what Google was doing. And found their behavior erratic and odd.
Unsurprisingly, all of these provinces are in the wealthy east of the country.
That dependence on Murdoch, unsurprisingly, produced resentment among politicians, which is now being expressed in all-out enmity.
Attendance to Science classes is not obligatory. Students must pass an entrance examination to enter university in professional fields.
Ignorance, not lack of effort, is often the most important cause of their ultimate downfall.
BGY is not easy to use but can give good results when carefully rehydrated using GO-FERM and inoculated into must with balanced nutrients.
It was not the intruder that "caused" the break, but the lack of a real relationship.
Letting go is not to criticize and regulate anybody; but to try to become what I dream I can be.
It will not stay constant throughout, and as a result of that, you're going to get a trajectory that looks more like this.
It was not the originality of the idea that made these satires popular. It was the manner of expression, the satiric method that made them interesting and entertaining.
It wasn’t just Alan Greenspan’s unwillingness to admit that there was anything more than a bit of “froth” in housing markets, or his refusal to do anything about subprime abuses.
Letting go is not to adjust everything to my own desires; but to take each day as it comes and cherish myself in it.
All is not lost, scatter shot is on the same diminishing return of freezing trap, his second trap will be very short in duration.
It's not as if "Black Swan" provides a unique opportunity to see images of thin women; they are available all over television, the Web, and on every newsstand.
It doesn't have to be a long trip to increase the risk of a deadly blood clot .
Well, it's not the lava that kills anything, it's the carbon dioxide that comes out with it.
It was not built off of what we charge for the paper, or what we think we desrve, or anything like that. It’s what our loyal users said they would be willing to pay.
No offense to Chamberlain, Mikan or O'Neal, but when you're the top scorer in NBA history, attention must be paid.
Not every wrapper may be able to collect all the statistics listed above, because a correct mapping between the data source statistic and its counterpart on the federated system may not exist.
Not every product launch requires the full complement of collateral and investment as described above.
Not everyone over 40 should take aspirin. It can have serious side effects, such as gastrointestinal bleeding, heartburn, and stomach upset.
Not every person with a sniffle need be tested—only a small, representative sample.
And not all of them are princesses -- and the ones who are princesses have plenty of movies to watch.
All do not, like the fabled phoenix, warble sweet melodies in their agony;
Not everyone can swim with fish in the ocean. But they can enjoy underwater life in another way -- by visiting an aquarium.
Not everybody thinks the best application or the technology is in the military.
People who have HIV don't always loot sick, most HIV-positive people look perfectly healthy.
Not every apparent moment of clarity will produce a brilliant idea or solution, but many will.
Not every goal is a good goal or the kind of goal that God gets behind and helps you accomplish.
When God considers you worthy and to let you suffer for him, this should be considered a very honorable privilege and is to rejoice over it.
Not every deadly sin willingly committed after Baptism is sin against the Holy Ghost, and unpardonable .
Not every user will check sources and many will be confused by the multitude of conflicting information.
It is not Muliniao avoids desirably , or aims at Lecce, he is only wants to let Barresi replace him to speak.
"It was not that, " said Nell, glancing around with a slight shudder.
No a crazy one but a bit adventurous and spontaneous man who can spice up my life well.
Not on Mr. Pang's list of reasons, but perhaps more important, is the absence of property prices from the CPI basket.
It was not fatigue or even the cold water that defeated her. It was the fog. She was unable to see her goal.
That's not to say that you should jump into the sack with every man you want a second date with.
AAA Auto Parts is not, contrary to what you might believe, named after Alfred A. Archos.
Madness is not for everyone, but Maurice's proved the thunderbolt that dispels the clouds.
It is not everybody that would have stood out in such a kind way as she did, and refused to take Jane's answer.
All have not your powers, and it would be folly for the feeble to wish to march with the strong.
Not everyone in “The Thief of Time” approves of the reliance on the extended will.
"Not that millionaires can't appreciate my food but I don't want it to become just a restaurant for the seriously wealthy" .
Not that the tweenage fans of these movies need to see Bella as a poster girl for elocution.
It is not that the lonely and the gregarious are genetically different from each other.
Not that employees don't sometimes try to scam the system, but that's a different story!
Good will is not to say that in good times among couples, to wind was the wind, to rain rain.
It's not as though China has to go about acquiring technology in a sly, underhanded way.
This is not to say that there are not ways of improving listening skills, however they are difficult to quantify.
It's not at all the point that a broad, ideological view of Richard II was any different from what Wilson said; that was perfectly true. Bolingbroke was considered a usurper.
For it is not a question of saying that every painter (Goya?) has loved what he has painted, that every story-teller (Stendhal?) has loved all his characters, that all music is lyrical .
It is not about being an introvert or an extrovert. It's about expressing your individuality and will power.
It's not that the word "smell" doesn't accurately reflect a symptom that indicates that code may be wrong, it just sounds funny to me.
Not for nothing have the Indigo children been playing games and watching TV series about Mastering Time and Energy!
No slouch himself, Owen compared it to a Rolls-Royce gliding by in the outside lane.
Not that he is without the more subtle devices of the worldly wise.
It’s not that he expects a cook and a maid all in one, but when she makes him breakfast in bed or irons his shirt when he’s running late, it shows him how much she cares for him.
This does not mean I'm against diversity. But valuing diversity does not mean you support the genocide of your own culture and people.
Not because I want to be a small child or a furry kitten. Because I want to enjoy that same sort of rest!
An eating disorder is way more than a girl looking at a magazine and seeing a picture of a skinny model.
It isn't as if someone who works in a cubicle is automatically uninteresting.
Not that the extra responsibility has altered his approach as he prepares for the tournament.
It’s not that these couples lost themselves in the marriage; instead, they grew in it.
Not all of it is positive, and much of the reporting relies heavily on claims made by unnamed sources.
Not all sections are relevant in every use-case definition, and any of the sections can be combined (or omitted) in a real working document.
(Not all those devout doctors are Christians: the National Health Service employs many Asians and British Asians).
Not all behaviors can be learned on your own. Sometimes it's useful to enlist the help of a trusted friend.
Not all economists believe Chinese economic data is completely unreliable, but some question the methods used to collect it.
Not all employers are that shallow—but it’s no secret we are a culture consumed by image.
Not all drivers are well written for hibernation mode. They may only initialize a device when they first load.
Not all are convinced, and with good reason: if one quarter of American women is considered to have a mental abnormality, the notion of normality becomes questionable.
"Not everyone can score a goal in a game," Robb says, "but everybody can be a good teammate.
Not all software development activities carry the same emphasis from one software development organization to the next, depending on the organizational structure and the nature of the business.
Not all b-school applicants are quant superstars with a few years of Wall Street experience under their belt.
Not all cultures embrace nature and landscape myths with equal ardor, and those that do, go through periods of greater or lesser enthusiasm.
Not every village can boast of having a picture gallery. And it is worth to say that ordinary villagers are usually far from high art.
Not all new moons and full moons are friendly, but this is a sweet one, for it will receive an out-of-sign "trine" (a great aspect) from Uranus, planet of surprise.
"Not every senior is kind and patient enough to deal with freshman's 'silly' questions, " said Li.
Not all medical doctors are like this, but I use the stereotype as an illustration.
Not all applications or pages require per-user session state; you should disable session state if it is not needed.
Not all Londoners dislike foreign tourists. "I welcome them with open arms, " said one ice-cream seller in Hyde park enthusiastically.
Not all signs are accurate, but the conversation about these signs usually reveals a deeper fear for the next generation.
Not all resource adapters work with a change summary; so you need to consult your adapter documentation to find out what your resource adapter expects.
Not all children were given back to parents [if they survived] or to representatives in Jewish organizations.
Not everyone is going to get the entire picture. not everyone is going to be the greatest salesman or the greatest basketball player.
Not everyone is pleased with the efforts to modernize or alter the form.
Not everyone gets to "OK" quickly, Huebner says, but "we're trying to get parents to react a little bit better, a little bit sooner. "
Not every American who seeks to renounce US citizenship does so for tax reasons.
Not all the values of context variables are always available during the task or escalation lifecycle.
Unless you want to have a beach wedding, it's not a good idea to ask your bridesmaids to wear mini skirt bridesmaid dresses.
Not all crisis-driven change is as eye-catching as the metamorphosis of a GE or Citi.
Not all of our problems are financial or political, though you wouldn't know that from listening to the media.
Not all the news was bad. The report said the rate of pneumonia in adults after surgery decreased more than eleven and a half percent.
Not all accounts receivable can be passed on, all can be avoided, so must be provision for bad debts.
Not all the workers at the Ford plant or even the union, or even her family — support her.
Not always did such a meeting result in healing, for it would always depend on whether the other person decided to open up to healing.
Not every Chinese embraced Deng's reform and open-door policy. Old Guards and conservatives in and outside the communist party accepted Deng's reform policies, but with a great deal of misgiving.
Not that they feel it so, but only to abate the edge of envy.
When not planning for every contingency they can think of, Europe's industrial bosses oscillate between fear, anger and disbelief.
It isn't so much that they want to cram frequently used commands into their heads, as much as it is unavoidable.
It's not that everything he said in the speech was wrong; on the contrary, we agree with much of it.
Not that he did any research to confirm that there was a viable market, let alone one large enough to attract investment capital.
Not especially. but I wanted to see the teahouse , so my parents agreed to tack us.
It wasn't by keeping how the way she could rename in mind, what i love wss the excitement of waite.
It was not smart or knowledgeable or good literature. These were branches of learning, and could not be considered the knowledge.
Not what the images are of, but the general look of how they flow and interact with the rest of the content on your page.
Superstition is not to say that baby left a lanugo easy to keep.
Instead of studying, I often play computer games, for sometimes, I just stared at my mobile phone and do nothing!
I hate to be a spoil sport, but I don't see any Diamond Castle.
"It is not my crimes that will convict me," he said. "But instead, rumour, gossip; the fact that by whispering together you will persuade yourselves that I am guilty.
It is not because the house is beautiful or big, it is because there lives my parents, who treasure me most.
"We do not choose survival as a value; it chooses us" (B. F. Skinner).
It was not we who we deprived of his right to play a kite but he who said he wouldn't like to.
It is not that we have to change the world, but our inner tranquillity will sever us from the world and immune us from its influences.
The scenery of the next sation is not always more beautiful than the last sation's, so please look up to each result that you get.
Far from trying to rouse us from slumber, its role is now to offer us a cup of warm milk before bed.
It's not supposed to change the behavior of the locator; the results must be the same with or without caching.
Its not the money, its the fact that his name must be cleared -- officially.
Not to extend his contract because he said he would not, but to change club.
Not solve it like , you know, in rigorous fashion, but build a model .
Not once, but many times over the last half century, we have stopped deliberate actions that were intended to start another World War.
Not everything comes easier: good-looking women seeking high-flying jobs in particularly male fields may be stymied by the “bimbo effect” until they prove their competence and commitment.
Not out of sloth, but because I find the results much the same no matter how long I roll and fold and push and pull.
Not particularly gifted but always striving to get the most out of my body, my career, my relationships and my potential; to maximize what I have.
It’s not the hustle and bustle of living in the “concrete jungle” surrounded by people that’s makes city dwellers mentally unstable either.
Not that many people have a lot of photos of themselves out there on the open Web.
Not all business card printing and membership card making products for use on images and fonts can be expansive inks produce good results.
These people do not constitute a nation of whiners, as the McCain adviser whom Obama pilloried in his speech would have you think.
It's not just about being born beautiful and laying there like a beached starfish!
Holt is not alone is speaking as though Breivik has vindicated every reservation she had ever held about Norwegian society.
It is not only blind men who make such stupid mistakes. People who can see sometimes act just as foolishly.
Notwithstanding their present political disenfranchisement, post-Soviet Russians will not be a "lost generation. "
The desire to mark one's desk is not limited to the snotty-nosed schoolchild with a penknife.
I am not alone is detecting a weakness in the presentation of the Sabbath in the Westminster Standards.
It's not a very long idea. How many notes is in this opening gambit here?
"That isn't so bad, " said the author, the manager noting the curious effect which Carrie's blues had upon the part.
Well no offence, but I've endured things I wasn't supposed to of survived before and I'm still here.
While not as exotic as an Eastern philosophy, maintaining an optimistic attitude and an open mind can be a form of meditation.
Unlike the easily changed offshore drilling leases and malleable regulation policies, the suburban problem is fast becoming intractable.
Unlike other kids he knew from the neighborhood who didn't attend preschool, he says he never tried drugs and was never arrested.
And as since the time that I commanded judges [to be] over my people Israel, and have caused thee to rest from all thine enemies.
Not like his picture. Bald and an ugly mustache. He spoke with a strong accent. Of course, I did my best to please him with our times .
Does not have the harshness associated with the freshly ground spice, yet is a very exotic, masculine, spicy oil.
It did not require a great deal of perception to realise the interview was over.
It requires no complicated theories of a preference for authoritarians or personal seduction .
It does not take a lot of imagination to see the president's vision for high-speed rail idling in the political sidings indefinitely.
It really doesn’t take many people voting together to overturn even the safest seat – it requires only a removal of apathy by the voters who decide the elections by not casting a vote.
Nothing here is about embarking on a big upfront design effort to manage all this complexity.
It’s not always at the main entrance, sometimes the entrances are in the rear or side of the museum.
Not surprisingly, fieldwork takes her to parched sub-Saharan farmland where farmers grow rain-fed crops on small plots of land and struggle to live on about a dollar a day.
ASAP doesn't mean drop everything, although some people assume "as soon as possible" means "as soon as humanly possible. "
"Formal writing" does not imply the use of pretentious language, which can be characterized as stilted or pompous or stiff.
Not surprisingly, North Korea's official media has lashed out, calling Lee "human scum" and other vivid names.
not mind how much money she spent. In fact, the meal she was preparing was.
And they did not know that judgment was coming until the flood came and took all away, so also will the coming of the Son of Man be.
And it is not just businesses such as Uptown Girl that are cashing in on the trend.
Not just to hold an office, but to gather with you to transform a nation.
It's not the only thing that's inappropriate. You care to tell me what you think you're doing?
Not contingent primarily exclude Obligations where payments are subject to a contingency or determined by reference to a formula or index.
Privilege information about the current user's read or write access to a specific table is not always checked .
intervention were carried by the means of push dilatation of prepuce orifice and dilatation of prepuce orifice through blood vessel clamp.
The measuring results show more precision by using the minimum two-multiplication to calibrate the er mr.
And solve with the Prim method, and and use the method of solid network transformation to solve the groups of allocation problems.
The morphology of the powders was characterized by transmission electron microscopy(TEM) and X ray diffraction (XRD).
And used the Miller compensate technology with a adjusting zero resistance to compensate the operational amplifier.
Contrast tests show that this experimental method can be used in long time stress relaxation tests of other thin materials.
The weight coefficient of the index was given out with the stratified cluster sampling and stratified analysis.
contact stresses of involutes gear were measured and analyzed by using Hertz contact theory and finite element method.
Again, the existence of actin in chromosomes (chromosome scaffolds) was also studied in situ by immuno-electron microscopy.
Then the classical root-locus method was used in the design of the tracker.
The selected area electron diffraction (SAED) pattern of the twin was indexed by transforming matrix of hexagon crystal twin plan.
The pyrazoles ramification containing dithioether is synthesized by one-step method and characterized by H-NMR, IR and UV-Vis spectra.
In this paper, the relative concentration of smoke in the dynamical state is determined by means of scatter light.
Scanning electron microscopy, X-ray diffraction and laser particle size analyzer were used to carry out a micro measurement of the powder.
The recognition and sensing properties of these receptors were studied by the cyclic voltammetry and UV-vis techniques.
The quality of the air in the fire tunnel was evaluated by using the Predicted Mean Vote (PMV) and Predicted Percent Dissatisfied (PPD).
Combine adoption is handing over the experiment, excellent turned the craft term that oxidize.
Result of ultraviolet spectrophotometry showed total flavonoids content in the stem and leaf of Abutilon theophrasti Medic, is 5. 41%.
And check that the color separation proof separations are correct and the chromatic number of color separation.
The working principles of the neutralization corrosion inhibitor BZH - 1 and its application results were stated.
The suggestions maintaining the normal count of Bifidobacteria in human intestinal tract were put forward as well.
An application of quadratic B-spline subdivision with circulant subdivision matrix in computer aided geometric design is proposed.
Its application situation on heat shearing blade, guide plate and nodular indefinite chill roll are introduced too.
The challenges and impactions to the building of reference information sources and the librarian quality and capability are also introduced.
Moreover, it also expatiates that the Western and Sinic civilizations are two disparate ones each of which has its strong and weak points.
The application of these wetting heterogeneous surfaces in microarray, open microfluidic chip and micro mixer were preliminary studied.
Finally, we use best invariant quadratic unbiased estimation(BIQUE)to estimate the variance components and try to get reasonable weight.
And try to use the screen as a film to download adult video divided into synthesis of fractal rheological do.
and tends to embody his view with visual images. Symbolism in wide range is also a distinctive feature of his poetry.
and rose above banal social and moral conventions to construct an authentic life.
and said "rigorous workouts and high-stress basketball games" were responsible for the president's apparent weight loss.
Calling it an introduction to the basics of watercolour painting is nonsense( as previous reviewer), and insulting to the artist.
Since the diversity of antibody is also fully considered, the drawback of trapping in local minimum is overcome.
With the publication of his Glaubenslehre , Strauss took leave of theology for over twenty years.
The magnitude of the damage and that of the cosmic ray's effect on soil formation are calculated preliminarily.
And preliminary exploration of transgenic alfalfa plants on the response of laboratory animals rats mice specific ways and means.
and he sent out word that no one in the bunker was to go to bed until further orders.
Passing the type of the object to override and the name of the member being overridden.
And we discuss the construction necessity, construction method, way of use, and items that should attact notice.
From the macroscopic and microcosmic angle, it explores the causes of it, then puts forward the four-in-one prevention measures.
Additionally, it is also known that the permeability of the wick has a great effect on the resistance.
In the end, offers the means and some advice to settle the problems such as inside controling and how to realize the unification of the ownership and control rights for each share-holder.
Moreover, the coordinate dimensions of the tracer and their practical applications are deduced in a systematical manner theoretically.
The author provides a corresponding balance strategy from the point of the social old-age insurance revenue and payout.
It proposed the countermeasure in minimizing or controling the differentiation of the VV so as to enhance the quality of the pavement.
Structural design method of unbound aggregate upper base is analyzed through field test, laboratory test and theory study.
It defines the best condition that it is considered from improving the rate of productive retrieval reclamation.
Besides, it further explains the reasons of using euphemism in politics and war from the pragmatic and political points of view.
Through it and feel for thousands of years of TCM profound cultural connotation and Taoism to preserve despiseth subtle sutra.
And leads three various races group beastly evil spirit to tread into the world once again, the oath destroys the people.
And he took six hundred chosen chariots, and all the chariots of Egypt, and captains over every one of them.
And take salvation for your head-dress and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God;
Merge with freeway traffic in a smooth, gradual movement to the centre of the nearest freeway lane.
The variation in tempering hardness is mainly attributed to the secondary precipitation and microstructure transformation.
More over, the bounds of the content of stone powders in the pre-mixed mortar are deduced in case of different cement dosage.
The correlation formula of gas holdup was obtained when the holes area ratio of draft tube was 16. 4% and the hydrofoil impeller was upward.
In connection with such an imposition, an action may be brought for a new injunction to be issued under penalty of a fine.
it resented outside pressure to sort out errant banks, speculative property developers, overly ambitious conglomerates and so on.
And in laying it out I even determined that if I had designed it differently, the layout would have fewer holes in the board.
I could follow &amp; control the orders separately, and inform QC for bulks inspection. Deal with the accidents skillfully.
And the physic-chemical characters and dissolution in vitro of ITZ-SEDDS were also determined.
and calculate the ventilation ability of JF210E main-sub generator to validate functions of the diversion board and the big dipper-fans.
And the influence of RE resin, curing agent and various fillers on the putty properties are discussed in detail.
And the physic-chemical characters and dissolution in vitro of VIN-SMEDDS were also determined.
and on packing volume and quality should be limited to a minimum, packaging requirements for the implementation of decrement;
at the end, give proposal of the heat temperature and flow quantity to the heater station and pumping station of Changqing field.
And the concept of typical urban space, spatial features and modern design and technical performance of the methods, are discussed.
Some instructive improving had been done against the model of the old medical treatment back send.
The mechanism of influence of the magnetic flux density on the migratory behavior was discussed.
In addition, OH radical has been diagnosed in atmospheric unsaturated water vapor corona discharge by optical emission spectroscopy.
We also define the crime of deforestation and unlawful felling tree, and point out the difference between them. 2.
This paper discusses the features of cave corrosion and deposition as well as the features and classification of mineral deposits.
Some constructive suggestions were proposed on the energy saving technique development of China foundry industry.
The dynamical responses of the holistic sub-structure with different stiffness of the additive column are analyzed.
And detailed analysis the simulation data, given the most favorable range of small reactor to extinguish voltaic arc.
Skin regions are segmented to determine which regions can possibly be determining a frontal human face.
The mechanism of crevice corrosion and influential factors are analyzed. The protection of crevice corrosion in that column is given.
There is sensitivity to gluten, which contains the protein gliadin, found in cereal grains wheat, oats, barley, and rye.
Besides, assembly of complex joints, welding sequence, precision control technology and truss arching are researched.
The coke dry quenching plant and pneumatically selective crushing technology for coke making coal of the company are narrated in detail.
To analyze the mathematical model of the mobile manipulator and compute its working space by simulation software.
The solvent used for the extraction was tetrahydrofuran and sol-fractions of the samples were calculated.
The software and hardware of the system are designed respectively and a closed-loop control scheme capable of feeding back is presented.
In addition, the remained problem and the future work on citrus tatter leaf virus are discussed.
The characteristics of steel silo and concrete silo were compared, and the requirements of fire fighting for group silos were described.
Based upon assortment of Antioxidant mechanism, this paper introduces briefly several kinds of natural antioxidant.
It also makes a detailed introduction to the durability in vestment cost of vibration isolation structure.
The advantages and disadvantages of different supported platinum catalysts were discussed as well.
Then analyze the advantages and disadvantages of the traditional scheduling management method by comparison, such as CPM, PERT.
Manifold and pipelines, hydraulic pumps, motors and the layout of a fixed design.
The developed method was used to detect organic acid in seawater condition. A new type of adsorbed exchange isotherm in solid pellet was obtained.
We extracted welding defects by digital image subtraction approach based on fitting for isolated welding seam, and got good results.
Suggestions to conserve and sustainably utilize the wild orchid resources in the Jigongshan Nature Reserve were also proposed here.
Finally, the application foreground of computer technology in chemical engineering design industry was expected.
Congnition of diseases and self-management ability were compared and evaluated before and after health education.
In the meantime it also explained the establishing conditions of Jiangnan poetic culture theory and its important connotation.
Moreover, degradation tests and in vitro cell culture were performed to understand properties and differences of the modified materials.
I end with a summary of the results, and I suggest some other factors that make one representation easier to use than another.
then fabric density can be gained by analyzing weft and warp segmentation images.
it extends the athletics movement system, and focuses on developing the professional ability of non-athletic sports as well.
The purposes and contents of the two different citation states and their effects on articles are analyzed in detail.
We also screened the raw material medicines for the Radix Gentianae tablet and established its processing techniques and quality standards.
The nutrition composition and physicochemical microorganism index of spirulina chocolate are mensurated and analyzed.
And points out the direction of investigation on chemical conversion coatings of aluminum and its alloys.
A slice of the model to deal with, you can view real-time dynamics of the tunnel or any point in the parameter plane.
Furthermore, the residual analysis was made to test the model outputs. The results verify that this model is acceptable and valid.
Meanwhile, this article optimize and predicted technical economical index of X oilfield " fifteen plan. . . "
Furthermore, the controlling means of viscosity and solid content of the resin were discussed in respect of theory.
Furthermore, the energy supply system for distribution feeder protection is designed and solar-powered model is proposed.
The microstructure, thermal corrosion-resisting and high temperature oxidation-resisting of the welding layers have been studied.
There isn't any disrepair on the microcosmic surface of CAF, and the sol can immerge into the holes of the alumina foil.
Its performance has been tested to the extent that the flexible sub can provide enough resistance to tension, compression and torsion.
At last the author comments on the flicker point- "one stop" review procedure of the European Union and reach the rationality.
Moreover, the applications of them in producing of pow-der grease, turbidity agent, casein succedaneum and food preservation are introduced.
The paper describes the design step and method of checkerboard bits ra. . .
Finally, it gives out specific proposals and an implementation strategy for adolescent sex education in secondary schools of Qixian.
With analysis of meteorological temperature data, ARMA model is produced to predict and control the system.
Then it will affect the plume's ascending velocity and the temperature drop scope in the plume rise process.
Systematic fieldwork and recorded interview were also used in the researches onRizhao folk customs and music.
In this paper, we also discussed the extraction of mulberry leaf juice, addition of mulberry juice, fermentation and quality of beer.
It had an evil influence on society and had to be torn down immediately, " said an official. "
And by polarizing as well as redox processing, the photorefractive crystals with macro-defect-free and good optical homogeneity were gained.
And implementation of the hierarchical teaching strengths should be a description of the area.
And to implemented the punctual system production the safeguard condition to make the detailed introduction.
The magnetic circuit optimization work is carried out for rare-earth transducer using giant magnetostrictive material.
The simulation calculation for two double- octahedron variable geometry truss manipulators is given.
And discuss the hydroelectric subcontract management in cost control, quality control, progress control, contract management, etc.
The influence of hydrochloric acid density, volume of hydrochloric acid, temperature and time of purifying were studied.
The reasonability and reliability of the software is checked by calculation with the data of a horizontal well in Tarim oilfield.
and makes economical comparison between the ceramic liner technique and rubber liner technique.
And the determination of host range for the melon, cucumber, balsam pear, snake gourd, winter melon, pumpkin 10 categories for vaccination.
Also we discuss the insufficiency and lack of guard for foreign trade swindle risks in motorcycle industry.
Furthermore, the optimization of formulation for laundry detergent powder's surfactant, assistant, and antifoaming agent were studied .
Study of correlation between taut pulse and dissertation of clinical diseases Many diseases are correlated to taut pulse.
This article analyze the dynamic characteristics of the Xiaoyan Pagoda and the seismic capacity of masonry pagoda.
For the general claim sizes, the upper bound of the ruin probability is obtained by martingale method.
The thesis also introduced some of the heuristic method in resolving the location problem.
And Beida Jade Bird to the representative of the total package of intelligent enterprise architecture prevalent dissect issues.
The method of designing hot compressed air feeder injector applied to the jet grinding mill was studied too in the paper.
and the high arsenic drinking water in a population of endangered clinical epidemiological investigation on the situation.
And also the sensitivity analysis was done to the several key factors influencing the fatigue life of the vane.
And some factors that cause differences in poultrys blood biochemical indexes, such as nutrition, environment, disease and heredity etc.
The comparison between FEM method and measurment results shows that it is feasible to predict the performance of the transducer with FEM.
The geometric conditions of pure rolling of the expanding balls along the inner wall of the tube are developed quantitatively.
The propulsive rate of small intestine in normal mice and atropine hydrochloride loaded mice was beter than that of normal group and drug control group, (P&lt;0.01).
Scientific allocation to concept of the vocational guidance tutorial system is also elaborated.
The flame retardant performances of this fabric is also tested. It prove that the flame retardant processing is practicable and successful.
The reliability analysis of the damper has found the key factor which affects the work reliability and its solution.
Complicating sequelae such as canal stenosis, segmental instability, and other anomalies of the central nervous system and spine were identified.
With hypertension, the patient can be due to cerebral blood flow and insufficient oxygen and glucose in the blood and dizziness.
The concurrent probes provider can help identify execution points in a request processing pipeline that represent possible bottlenecks.
It is important for improving the accuracy of simulation to minify the gird distance.
Concurrency and throughput also have to do with when you release the locks.
Concurrency expert Brian Goetz returns from his summer hiatus to supply the answer.
The number of concurrent users (with its impact on the number of DB2 agents) determines how much more memory is required.
Complications arise out of the operation, and Clara is hospitalized, after which she refuses to see Obi.
Complications, surgical times, and hospitalizations are consistent with open reductions or belated total hip arthroplasties.
Complications include rupture of posterior capsule in 1 eye, moderate corneal edema in 2 eyes and injury of iris in 1 eye.
Complications were associated with local scarring, chronic alcohol abuse, schizophrenia, diabetes, and peripheral neuropathy.
Some simulation proved that this arithmetic was valid to elliptic and hyperbolic transfer trajectory.
And scaled up to repeat the amount experiments three times, which were able to obtain the yield of product stabilitily.
Instead of being simply the quarry in a chase, he is revealed as a twisted but articulate antagonist, who has devised a horrible plan for concluding his sermon.
It's not a typo: Japan's exporters ought to start thinking about the yuan.
NOT the wall of apartheid as one might have hoped. . . . . But the Western Wall.
It wasn't unjust: after paying the food brokers and staff, there was no money left.
Although not obliged to, they have licensed a handful of companies in the developing world to make the treatment -- but they have to pay for license, and they can't possibly meet the demand.
is not a recital. He knows the way to "think calmly in detachment"
Not so much Moses as just deliverer but Moses as someone rejected by the people.
Not so much Moses as just deliverer but Moses as someone rejected by the people.
And rather than being used purely locally, wind energy will have to be distributed between different states and countries.
It's not technology that high-fives with that's getting further, get out marketing, get it natural resources.
comes not from the enduring power of people's ideals, liberty, opportunity or unyielding hope.
Despite media hype to the contrary, it is extremely unusual for a child to be accurately diagnosed with autism and then "recover" perfect normalcy.
Not without justification, the organization is often seen as a shambolic club for dictators whom Qaddafi himself has enriched .
In better news, Theo Walcott bounced back after his World Cup snub, smashing the club's first home from close range.
I have not pursued by no means , Only is before all sorts bustles about which causes us to be willing greedily the inactivity .
Not every marriage is about children, some marriages are actually about love and companionship.
Not every person would agree to see a psychologist. Not everyone understands that it's a disease that requires treatment.
Not everyone thinks the two countries are heading for a tussle over energy.
Not everybody agrees with Ms Ito's argument that technology is always socially constructed.
Not everybody is convinced the Leaning Tower of Pisa really can be saved.
Not everything that goes through our heads is a genuine thought, and far from everything we say is a meaningful utterance.
Not every photo needs to be preserved for a hundred years in an archival-quality album.
The narrowness of the way into the slum made it hard for the fire brigade to douse the flames, not that Nairobi has much of a fire brigade.
AM not expecting you to achieve perfect alignment all the time, in particular as you dwell in a disharmonious world.
No single one of these currents prolongs the crisis. It is the product of the complex interplay between them.
Not coincidentally, the Warner-Lieberman bill eventually went down in an embarrassing defeat in the Senate.
Not all: airline service has deteriorated markedly since the 1990s and traffic congestion has increased.
Not that any movie is worth such sacrifice, but Apocalypse Now nailed the madness of Americans lost in a jungle of misguided motives and foreign-policy screwups.
They have not: Bulow and Klemperer propose giving all the equity in the bridge bank to the rump bank - this is full and fair compensation.
Not so: historical records show that malaria has previously been widespread in temperate regions — as far north as Scandinavia — and survived even during the coldest years of the Little Ice Age.
Not so: Nairobi is at 1680m above sea level, yet until the mid-1950s, epidemic malaria was a serious problem at altitudes up to 2450m.
Not really. Onomatopoeia is at most suggestive of the natural sounds they try to capture. They are arbitrary as signifiers.
These imbalances can hardly be redressed by yuan revaluation, as called for by some politicians and commentators.
It's hard to overstate the rate of change; even recent arrivals point to shopping malls where neighborhoods stood just a few years ago.
It's not quite the Fountain of Youth, but scientists have found a way to induce some of our cells to live forever.
It is not the consciousness of men that determines their existence, but their social existence that determines their consciousness.
It is not relying on the legendary climb up to the relationship between the incompetence bidding.
It wasn't that she'd really expected to get any money out of him; it had just seemed worth a try.
It turns out other plants also clean the air, of contaminants ranging from ammonia to benzene.
It's not as though they were out of place. Their counterparties on the other side of the table are known for their acquisitive tendencies.
All the pollution is not acid rain, i. e. , sulfuric and nitric acid dissolved in precipitation.
Not all attributes present in an XML document should be included in the inference process.
Not all policy action values can be specified as the timeout behavior for common language runtime operations.
Not all popular New Year’s fruits foretell the future, though. Those who celebrate Chinese New Year feast on tangerines and oranges, and the Turkish favor pomegranates as symbols of riches.
not all readers are ready for a glimpse at the appalling hubris and harrowing self-doubt that beset most writers.
Not every danger can be foreseen, and even if it can be predicted it cannot always be averted.
Not all of the tools are lethal. A circular saw and wire cutters are vital to get the first wave through the outer fencing.
Not all of the animals that died did so from age-related conditions. Some succumbed to injury, infection and even complications from anaesthesia.
Not all the content will be directly relevant to your tastes and in fact some of it will be completely irrelevant to you.
Not all entrepreneurs are drawn to the online world. Patrick FitzGerald is working on another diapers-oriented venture, Nanny Caddy.
Not one of the thousands of craftspeople, retailers and small manufacturers the law has sent reeling was permitted to testify.
Not all talk is poetry. Conversation can be obscure. Sometimes you need to restate what you are meaning to avoid ambiguity and confusion.
Not all of his colleagues and competitors know that, or that he owns such an album, so he requested anonymity.
Not every violation of law can be prosecuted, and prosecutors have wide discretion in deciding which to prosecute and which to drop.
Not all cultures prefer to drink their tea hot; the Americans in particular enjoy drinking iced tea.
Not all modern observers of Byzantium have been so willing to associate the city on the Bosphorus with universalism or cultural breadth.
Not all bankers can command a premium. A junior analyst or associate in Brazil earns less than his or her US counterpart.
Not all verse is poetry; not all prose about the past is history, nor is all literary work literature.
Not all animals are as lucky as Tender-Heart and I are in having such a loving and caring human companion.
Not all economists believe the United States will repeat the Japanese experience, but markets have been flashing warning signs.
Not all public health organizations have embraced social media as enthusiastically as the CDC.
Not everyone will get funding; Vladimir Dmitriev, chairman of VEB, said the bank had already received applications for more than the $50bn.
Not all cell phone companies believe thatadesign for non literate users should start from scratch.
Not all celebrity watchers were impressed by her choice of outfit. An awards insider from the Los Angeles Times blogged that the stunt was boring.
All were not rich. And when the poor also became greedy they became hostile. Then began social upheavals with bloodshed and havoc.
Not all reacted with indignation. Some quietly accepted last night's disappointment and challenged Qatar to be better.
Not everyone was convinced that Beijing is ready to allow faster appreciation, even in the face of accelerating inflation.
But not all jokes are about sex or the ineptitude of the leadership.
Not all new diseases are highly lethal, contagious, and able to spread internationally, inciting panic as they do.
Not all information has the same value, particularly because value is determined by who is interested in the data.
Not all Chinese companies are shady. But investors are right to ask: How do you know which aren't?
Not all components require all the values in this class, so it provides multiple constructors that implement optional arguments.
Not everything Mr Hayward did was wrong, and nor was poor public relations the only cause of his downfall.
The act of hunting and killing another that offers not of its life for one to subsist is an act of disunity.
Never think that what you yourself get is the best. If you think so, you may never confess that others get something better than you.
Not all of us may want to go as far as snail porridge but increased access to food from other cultures means that the UK has moved on from the days of meat and two veg.
Not all of our agenda passed, so we had plenty of ammunition for the last two and a half weeks of the campaign.
Not to get personal again, but my own OkCupid photo shows a Burberry-dressed 27 year-old, strumming away on his guitar.
Not so in The Hurt Locker, a scary, thrilling patrol of the streets of Baghdad by men who defuse IEDs.
Despite their public pronouncements, they confide privately that they consider their in-China talent "not promotable. "
Inflation is not being viewed negatively by economists and analysts in all parts of the region.
Without becoming a cynic, you can develop the habit of instinctively distrusting thoughts that rely on conventional wisdom.
Not everything is as tickety-boo as the land of cuckoo clocks might suggest .
Not the testator made a will are lawful and valid. To effect a will, you must meet the following conditions.
You are not being deliberately deceived but you are being 'accidentally misled' a little.
All of that does not suddenly kick in when a girl blows out the candles on her thirteenth birthday cake.
trespass that is not transient or intermittent but continues as long as the offending object remains.
Not everyone in government finds it acceptable that the Fed wields so much power and privilege in secrecy.
Far from being merely a classic detective tale, The Moonstone is a novel of serious criticism, conveying its meaning through unconventional characters and historical allusion.
Nor is it only north European economies that have put in a spurt: Spain, too, has grown fast since 1999.
It isn't just people with a diagnosis of schizophrenia who claim to hear voices inside their heads.
The National Trust isn't alone in thinking leap day a good day for totalitarianism.
LBS and Columbia are not the only business schools to recognise the benefit of cross-continental alliances.
My wife and I are not the only people who generally dislike unsolicited advice.
Descendant of a great house with more than a dash of Italian blood to it .
They were not really fierce at heart, but sometimes Adam would forget and roared even at his wife.
Not for his ego - the Welshman remains as immodest as ever, even with a new contract in his back pocket.
It is not always possible to have the same tablespaces set up in test that you have in production.
the cathodes , which were made of above - mentioned three composites , and gel polymer electrolytes were used for lithium batteries.
Both original FCC slurry and aromatic-enriched components were employed to synthesize pitch resin.
Also prove the building glamour of the Gulou and marrow of traditional culture building of Dong through the realistic example.
It considers the operation temperature and the pressure are the main factors of the lapse.
The thermal effect of discharged cooling water and that of residual chlorine on the ecological oceanic environment are analyzed in addition.
The relationship between the crystal growth rate and running time of the precipitation process were also discu. . .
The impact of voltage, number of piezoelectric and damp on scalpel vibration amplitude is analyzed.
The relative measurement and the two steps of measurement which were used to improve the veracity had been analyzed.
This paper also analyzed the main factors which influence the chlorine concentration in polyphenylene sulfide resin.
Meanwhile the paper analyses the relationship between the implementing of land selling by inviting public bidding, auction, hanging out shingle and the rising of land price.
To analyze the result of cytological examination in rinse solution of axillary for breast cancer patients with MANC.
The mechanism of landscape water treated in the aquatic pond is analyzed, and a question worthy more study is put forward.
Meanwhile, this thesis also analyzes the reasons why post-modernism plays a role in Internet novel after the interposition of techniques.
A direct iteration algorithm for generalized power flow taking account of load characteristics is also investigated.
They should also meet the requirements in preventing and avoiding disasters caused by mountainside landslide rock collapse mud-rock flow tropical heat wave fire etc.
And is responsible for the delivery of raw materials, warehousing qualified for failure to dispose of products as required.
It still has a green tinge. One in five new cars added to club fleets is electric; such cars are good for short-range, urban use.
Comes with a bonus CD-ROM that includes additional images, video clips, and other supplemental materials.
And to offer a sacrifice, according as it is written in the law of the Lord, a pair of turtledoves, or two young pigeons.
And thank you for not complaining about the fact that I don't upload many videos anymore - as you can see I have issues to fix first.
And told him that whenever he lost his temper when a nail on the nail in the backyard on the fence.
Also, the protract method of the equivalence circuit of the columnar windings of the transformer is given.
The assay results of normal G- banded human lymphocyte chromosome samples by the system were presented.
Finally proposes an effective solution for metadata harvesting module, which is a key part of the system.
And presents the certification authority(CA)system model and system architecture, then presents the question of the Grid CA system.
Circuit schematic diagram, software flowchart and calculation method of parameters are provided in this paper.
Finally, optimality necessary arid sufficient conditions for nonlinear convex semidefinite programming are proved.
The simulation result of front end intercept probability and intercept time are given.
Application and testing results in the videophone system have been given in the text.
The kinematics and dynamics models of the manipulators as well as Jacobian matrix are built.
And international conventions is in comprehensive in effect of impossibility of performance, and cheats.
And give to strengthen and nourish, to provide follow-up consumption of this mascara base, so more firmly mascara adhesion.
To machine and fabricate jigs and fixtures to satisfy requirements for installation as needed for others.
The maximum temperature rise of these coils is also estimated from the thermo-hydraulic condition of the magnet operation.
The requirements for fortification against earthquakes, which shall be drawn up on the basis of the results of seismic safety evaluation, shall be fulfilled.
And a series partition tuning optimization method was proposed to reduce computational load and model solving difficulty.
"And under the law, they don't have to leave a dollars-and-cents paper trail that reflects the efforts they're making, " he says.
Mechanical structure deign of the tester is completed according to the scheme of the structure.
Under and acts according to the anti-endurance test to produce the surface layer recommendation material and thickness.
Based on soil properties and suitability assessment, effect of remediation technologies on reclaimed land is discussed.
and designs the receiving funnel according to the mathematical model of the time of the funnel .
According to the filter matrix particularity, the filter equation was solved by using conjugate gradient method.
Nanshan coal mine in accordance with the specific parameters of the mine a number of roadway and coalface, heading face for gas drainage.
According to the result of calculation, Respondent will pay Applicant any rent in arrears, subtracted by any credit with Applicant.
and in accordance with level fluctuation and fluid mixed of the upper pool region conditions to choose optimization metal delivery system.
According the theory of efflux the models are setup for simulating speed and concentration fields.
Furthermore through the dummy model, we rebuilt the mode of injury and analysis of the dynamic response under impact.
Base on the model of financial soundness evaluation measured the financial soundness index of China in several years.
Based on traffic sign design practices in the Chinese freeway, the optimum values of assembling slat width of traffic sign plate are recommended.
And a copy of the surveyor's report shall be made available on demand to the carrier and the claimant.
And have done go into according to the above analysis to the interrelation between them.
Chopper and according to the principle of surge voltage circuit diagram of the system and the main.
According to practical teat data, the best mix ratio and the influence significance of all mix materials are analyzed.
The paper also put forward some research prospects for the status in a Chinese persimmon breeding program.
The merger rumors are partly wishful thinking, and partially a way for seasoned traders to get ahead of the next big stock jump.
The parties to a takeover may agree on an asset assessment institution lawfully established within China.
Acquirer &amp; Acquisition Sub's boards approve the transaction and select dealer manager and depository, paying, and information agents.
M&amp;A and Greenfield Investment will exemplify and have the overflowing effect, but they will also bring with them potential risks.
Through the acquisition, it enables the companies to further strengthen their businesses within the textile machinery industry.
At least 173 corporate transactions took place last year, according to mergers and acquisitions tracker Zephyr.
Merger and acquisition of Compaq, Hewlett Packard, make it possible to enrich product line, and an old machines, are a breath of fresh air!
Buy one of your competitors or a complimentary company that will leapfrog your business ahead.
M&amp;A (Mergers and Acquisitions) is a major approach to the capital expansion of an enterprise and to the enlargement of its scale.
The M is for monitoring tobacco use and prevention policies . The P is for protecting people by establishing smoke-free areas.
The cultural differences and conflicts of M&amp;A enterprises, either directly or indirectly, depend on whether the M&amp;A of assets is a success.
This puts the users at ease by assuring them that we have no personal attachment to the work being tested and any criticism would not offend us at all.
System, as well as managing the records associated with internal appeal and grievance
and to make clear to all how the mystery, hidden from the beginning in God, the Creator of all things, is to be fulfilled.
Being widespread, they go to great effort to visit as many flowery fields as possible.
The Capability of Unemployment Insurance Fund in Transition from Layoff to Open Unemployment
Parallel programming has its own special place in computing; Part 2 of this series examines parallel programming platforms and examples.
Concurrent operation and faster updates preclude batching, so updates are out of synch with reports.
Concurrent engineering is becoming one of the key factors for T Company to keep its competitive advantage in the new environment.
it's just that working in parallel is an advantage in and of itself, and worth building a million-dollar stand-alone contraption to do it.
Examples of concurrent sharing are data files. Most other resources cannot be shared concurrently.
Parallelism handles complexity better than traditional supercomputers made of one huge, incredibly fast serial computer.
Concurrent has shipped ＄1 million in RedHawk Linux operating system and NightStar development tools for shipboard deployment in support of this Navy program.
Parallel adder is a digital circuit, which can be calculated the number of addition.
The parallel interface is usually used for on-board, the serial for off-board communication.
Describe how the processor uses all relevant information to quickly evaluate the full range of possible interpretations of a sentence.
Creating copy on the parallel websites and making minor changes to the current graphic e. g. changing wording and removing some graphics.
The Concurrency Runtime simplifies parallel programming and helps you write robust, scalable, and responsive parallel applications.
The comparison of yellow pigments from fresh radish and isothiocyanate-generated simulation was analysed.
Graphics included the show’s checkerboard floor, check suiting fabric and monochrome Liberty-style prints.
facsimile paper was awarded the honor for the first place in sales in 2003 and 2004 of the same products in China.
Moreover, the author gives the key audit points of every phrase of the whole course.
The simulation result of inverted pendulum model is also presented to demonstrate its effectiveness.
On account of the stochastic characteristics of earthquakes, a model designed for dynamic opportunity restraint program is applied.
You've inspired us to redouble our efforts, to bring peace and tranquility to Earth.
And actively promote the import and export business agency, the export business of our customers for the same period the export tax rebate.
On this ground, the fallaciousness of the western utility theory lies in confusing the notation of the price and val.
The basic criterion is derived from common understanding of the family members by the course of compiling the genealogy.
The areas and perimeters of these quartz grains were calculated by GIS-based technologies.
The results of this research illustrated proportion, area, coordinates and distribution of various coral reef sea floors in research area.
The monotone coefficients of the spaces and the upper(lower) monotone coefficients of a point of the unit sphere are computed.
A comparison of the masticatory efficiency between collapsible complete denture and conventional complete denture was made.
And record the case curing spirit lesion proving effective with the method "singing dance to amuse " .
Remember also that your child will have had your happy and undivided attention and there is nothing that a tiny child loves more than that.
And to exacerbate the problem, the software tools used were meant for an IT user base, which leaves the business without a way to directly participate in the process.
We've added vanilla extract to help calm and comfort baby. SLS-, phthalate- and paraben-free.
And it insisted that its work be kept secret for a long time so its nascent idea was not subject to nit-picking criticism.
And check for a response, exactly the number of times you are to take a deep breath invariably.
By the way, several geophysical prospecting methods, the main abnormal process of explanation and inference are introduced in this paper.
Simultaneously the paper recounts the feature of PE pipeline and its design &amp; installation in civic gas distribution system.
The working performances of the MR damper, working flow-chart of fuzzy control and the advantages of intelligent control are introduced.
And a briefing on the principles of equipment and performance parameters, used for charactering samples.
In addition, we describe briefly the soft measurement technology of concentration of caustic soda based on this mathematical model.
And the evolutions of the experiments to measure the susceptibility of the liquid metals are also introduced.
Finite element mechanical model of moving crossbeam is set up for analyzing three dimension finite element intensity of this structure.
And set up the accurate andspeedly method of the duel real-time PCR on streptococcus suis serotype2 detection.
and a model of reliable life calculation is established on the premise of a given reliability.
It also suggests that the legislative body should amend the article 30 of criminal law in the form of special law.
The line shape of measured emission spectrum is proposed to be considered for calculating emission cross-sections at different wavelength.
and the company sets up pump room , water tower , adopting deep water pump , tank to provide water safeguard for producing and living.
The multiplier penalty function method is a final stage to deals with inequality constraints.
with the resulting residual stresses specified as initial stresses in a subsequent finite element simulation of cold bending.
The method was applied to feedback coefficient design for magnetic rods of a momentum bias micro-satellite.
Moreover, I also contrast each edition of textbooks with its own principles of editing, analyzing the consistence from the whole to parts.
Compared with Treynor index, Sharpe index and Jensen index, this paper analyse the correlative coefficient between them.
There will be more favourable tax treatment of the foreign earnings of British-based businesses, to help persuade footloose firms to stay.
We hypothesize and testify their relations and we find that the second industry has the biggest contribution to the economic difference.
The air conditioner temperatures are all set at 28 degrees Celsius to help save electricity.
Fuzzy mathematics has been applied to technologic rule to make the result of the technologic judgement more fit to processing fact.
' and browse to save in the same place as the saved keystore file, accept the name of cert. arm and the given type.
Compared it with double monoclonal antibody sandwich, then identified sensitivity and detected difference of linear range.
And these strategies are applied to the nesting cutting problem of circular blanks.
And will experiment data collect and analyze, to probe into the whole characteristic of the permanent magnetism type wind generator.
He gave his people over also unto the sword; and was wroth with his inheritance.
And (silver) doors to their houses, and thrones (of silver) on which they could recline.
Then the every frequency amplitude of auditory correlogram was coded as a feature vector expressing present frequency band characteristic.
Then we apply it to tax forecasting, our conclusion shows that this method is superior to the statistical modeling approach.
And it will finally bring the shadowy deals that caused the financial crisis into the light of day.
And then, the effect factors of HVDC transmission system reliability index are classified by outage component.
At the end of the paper , it proves that the Ant Colony Algorithm is good through comparison it to the greedy method.
Therefore such a correlation was used to control the quality of hard alloy anvil.
Oral Chinese medicine chose different doses according to root vacuity and tip repletion differentiation of TCM syndrome.
The wind speed model is proved to be correcet by comparison of the natural wind speed simulation and the actual wind speed curve.
The research brings the essence of the paintings to a height of Chinese philosophic system.
and has endeavored to bring on the inhabitants of our frontiers, the merciless Indian savages.
and combining qualitative SWOT analysis, presented in Lanzhou to nurture and enhance the competitive strategies and countermeasures.
Development direction of intrusion detection technology is brought forward after the attack technology is discussed.
with the combination of engineering examples , influence on the reliability of silty soil slope by rain infiltrate is discussed.
Combining the craft features of the parts process, the NC generalized program for typical workpiece is worked out with group technology.
and advances pavement base construction deflection value checking criterion, provides checking basis for controlling pavement construction.
It was found by fluorescence spectra that the honeycomb structure film from water-assisted fabrication keeps good photoluminescence.
And unifies the designer to request, as well as the product interior interference situation, carries on to it revises unceasingly, until OK.
The questionnaire of students and teachers showed it is necessary and urgent to permeate humanistic spirit in biology teaching. 3.
Combined with the actual situation, the optimal location of the diversion tunnel is presented.
The advanced technique of dust separation and its application, as well as technical improvement of it, are also introduced in the paper.
An analysis of the historical book of Yi Luo Yuan Yuan Lu suggests the author of LV Da-lin's funeral oration.
And unifies the literature material to analyze this complication to have the reason, and remedial measure.
And in light of China's current economic environment, it discusses the possibility of the recovery of the impairment of assets group.
and combine feasibility condition above quota, gave out to business management of sulfur iron ore a few relevant proposals.
Besides, this article combine the life experience of her and tried to speculate on the elements which support her literature road.
And unifies the China traditional culture, specially emphasized will ponder China future the daily life thing scenario design.
The synthesis route and preparation technology of the branch polyimide foam and polyimide nano-foam were introduced emphatically.
Various kinds of cold crucible induction furnace, and their basic technical parameters and energy balance are also presented.
Further, the structural characters, design thought, proceedings required attention and assemble process of this piercing die are introduced.
The captioned machine is suitable in particular for weighing and packing of bulk powder materials like cement, coal ash and talcum powder.
The difference and relation between emulsion printing ink cleaner and semi-aqueous printing ink cleaner also have been given.
The experience and measures to improve lousiness gradation for famous brands of raw silk are presented.
Fuzzy synthetic evaluation model is designed for fault diagnosis to find out running state of high-voltage circuit breaker.
Domestic Deign and manufacture of water pump by spare parts development department of Xi'an Aviation company is introduced.
Two new and efficient methods of supply liquid, float spray nozzle and a cooling method of a million sound wave were introduced.
One presents an approach to compute intersection of modules, which is relatively easy to be implemented in the computer System.
It describes that tower construction technique, process, strength calculation and apparatus selection by using the internal gin pole.
and flatters itself by that means to escape the responsibility of claiming to be an infallible judge of opinions.
And to express best wishes to Your Excellency on behalf of all the members of my Embassy staff and in my own name.
Furthermore, a elastoplastic stiffness matrix considering the length of the plastic regions of a columns ends is given.
Finally, divides the regional types and presents development pattern of these types of Northeast China.
Groups of scour experiment were took and the process of scour was analyzed. Finally, a empirical formula about scour deep was concluded.
And carries on the textural classification, the analysis lexical category constitution and the characteristic.
The company has the strict quality system and the products have the overload test to ensure the quality of the products.
And further urged the relevant agencies to issue a self-examination about the initiative reported violations and rectification.
Through analyze the general conception, the article puts forward the conception of default judgment and analyzes the correlative conception.
Moreover, an explicit and closed form of stability bound on perturbation parameter is provided and some other cases are also discussed.
Thus it probes into the restoration question of photographs blurred by uniform linear image further motion.
To seek for a time window for decompression in acute cervical spinal cord injury animal model that could gain the best results.
And well-built large-scale theme park style animation, the "sunshine, health, fashion" element as the core.
and after full review by the testator to the testator until the full consent and approval.
It can provide a reference to mold design and technological optimization in cross-axis forming.
Be wary of how prideful you become, lest you find too much in common with such a fiend.
The influences of cell propagation, cell growth phase and the age of donors on the enzyme activities were also investigated.
The difference of matrix, exposure conditions between them is compared, matters for attention in sampling and evaluation are pointed out.
Some repairing and consolidation methods for the common failure forms of wharf concrete member were emphatically introduced in it.
And how on advances the compulsion fire public liability insurance to put forward the proposal.
and has the advantages of high strength, simple structure, convenient processing, firmness, and reliability with a great towing force.
Having manual control of the iris position would be a desirable feature on this model.
Besides, it is equipped with a pedal-positioning device and a pedal position indicating device.
And accordingly, existing different ionic radius value can be discriminated and a few reference value of ionic radius reckoned.
This article will put forward three countermeasure with the ways of beam of light exercise, cheating and psychological inducement.
Speculation that China will devalue its currency is rife, but this would have little effect if world demand is simply collapsing.
And will push open one door after another, in the labyrinth of a new life.
and began to send his uncle precious dollars which Freud kept secretly in a foreign bank account.
It then started negotiations with the Muncie-Delaware County Chamber of Commerce and the Indiana Economic Development Corporation.
studies the main partner, leisure skills, impeding factors of kindergarten teachers when participating the leisure activities.
And close to the mast step the starboard deck plank has small oval surface. It is the trace of a pomp, of course!
thirdly, the character of each inflexion was different, so the algorithm should be adjusted according to each inflexion.
Catalyst attrition and catalyst fine powder content are reduced as well, and it is favorable for flue gas expander operation.
as well as various effects of repair mode on operation reliability of two transmission lines in parallel can be considered in the model.
The predicting values of the surface roughness in the working range can be obtained by using th. . .
and may therefore negate the potential health benefits that can be derived from eating moderate amounts of dark chocolate.
but also be extended to the parallel multiple-baseline stereo vision system made of more than three cameras.
Frosting can be carried out for the glass, lettering, decorating, painting and other deep-processing.
And for the industry and traders with a variety of products and semi-finished or finished strong technical Extension Institute.
And may help to appraise and to forecast ecology consequence that the plan design possibly brings.
and may also make judicial suggestions to the supervisory organ or other relevant organs on imposing a disciplinary sanction on the unit.
And can customize the type of book, the reader type, easy to add books, management books, management of users.
" And requests earnestly, " our various civilized ancient capital, all do not disguise oneself to have the inside story.
It is also a great pleasure to see Myanmar youths starting to utilize the full potential of blogging(web) medium for multiple purposes.
and a sense of the labor and skills involved in constructing a simple costume piece.
Habitat suitability models were evaluated using data from 7 years of breeding site surveys.
The influence of the preheating and the cooling water pipe on temperature gradient of the die has also been analyzed with this ADINA.
The electric control model jet nozzle of the CNG engine has set up in different conditions by the SIMULINK software.
Using T2 spectrum distribution to analysis the actual stratum, and distinguish between oil, gas and water layer.
And make use of the water of saturated steam make a steady polymer in the spore to hydrolyze .
using the scaling law , we know the critical exponent of specific heat too.
And the game theory is first used in deriving the general equilibrium conditions of passenger satisfaction with rail passenger service.
Based on the experiment data of cauliflower and spinage, the two optimized models are founded.
Electron microscopy and infrared spectrometry was used to characterize the shape and structure of microspheres.
Then nonlinear method of fractal was used to analyze the relationship among fractal dimension, combustion degree, and stability of flame.
A segmentation is designed by using the generalized concept of phraseology for the improvement of the MM arithmetic.
As to steady state phenomena, the traditional signal analysis tool FFT is used for harmonic analysis and flicker.
Using the ductile fracture criterion as the reference for judging the limit height of the process to put the necessary simulation results into the criterion.
Bi-GPS receivers are applied to measure the azimuth angle in terms of initial alignment of the integrated system.
Furthermore the characterization of spectral anomalies was analyzed by relative spectral shift and relative spectral broadening.
Using the experimental data obtained in Beijing, the characteristics of slant path rain attenuation in Beijing area are analysed.
with which I would light the flame of life in the dead thing that lay at my feet.
And take advantage of these rules, the main achievement of the restoration of the partition table is lost.
The retrieved phase information has been used to reconstruct the acoustic band structures, agreeing well with the theoretical calculations.
Shunt Compensation is an important measure in improvement of Electric Power System Stability.
Parallel transmission is faster than serial transmission and is widely used for transmission to printers.
The mechanism study of lower static stability of transmission lines connected to shunt reactors
Shunt reactors can reduce the steady capacitive current but have unobvious effect on fault transient current.
circuit: A circuit in which all the parts are connected to the same voltage but the current divides between them and later re-unites.
Most of the breakdowns in shunt capacitor banks during the substation operation is due to the construction quality.
Oscillation between interconnected synchronous machines in which the angles of deviation swing on both sides of a mean value.
The strength of the PMTS system is the versatility taught to skiers early in the system.
Singularity configuration of the parallel manipulator is an important issue in the design, application and analysis of parallel robots.
Transient over voltage problems are quickly solved using shunt regulators that clamp regeneration voltage to safe levels.
It also outlines several measures to respond SARS in terms of hospital development and management.
And two consecutive years of Taiyuan City government has been awarded the "private enterprises large taxpayer, " the honorary title.
In addition, the advantage of FWD deflection bowel and FWD application in pavement design and evaluation are illustrated by examples.
The smuggler in many ways is just another international businessman and his turnover would do credit to many international corporations.
The only difference between the various oils is in the numbers of atoms of carbon and hydrogen and how they are combined together.
2b. A CHINESE GHOST STORY (1987) - Tsui hark had a habit of redefining and reinventing any genre he touched, and raising the bar.
Paratactic type: keep in storage, catharsis and cook area follow face of two side wall develops, decorate relatively.
She uses a holistic approach by integrating both Chinese and western wisdom in her reading and giving guidance.
And another with a white and different colors for the two sets of bedding choices.
close together and type: fingers straight, feet close together with each other. Peg-leg thumb, index finger knuckle affixed to the side.
The definition of the technical parameters and the possibility to omit the low tempering have been discussed also.
And nothing is more odious, as I have said many times, than the modern obsession with victimhood rivalries and competition over suffering.
There need not be vast travesty or economic fall out; there can be changes that support all the life upon earth's body.
There's no precedent for life beyond Earth, we only have Earth Brand? Life to work with.
You did not tell me how to run my business then and I'm not aiming to have you start now. How I get the lumber out is no affair of yours.
easy solution beneficial There is no to the issue of . . . . . . , but . . . . . . might be immediate approach helpful.
Did not pay attention to the music piece where the kind of thinking brought me subtle changes.
There’s no sense of straining to stay awake or to stave off sleep. I’m simply not sleepy.
None examines the movement's basic goals in depth; instead, they exemplify its unwieldy belief in letting every voice be heard.
no usage of civilized nations, no precept of courtesy or humanity, have been infringed.
There's no hard evidence abbey beers were actually brewed within the walls of a monastery.
No one claims to have a definitive answer; instead the models test hundreds of different likely scenarios, then find the median result.
t look at me like that. There is no earthly reason why I shouldn&amp;#39; t be as happy with him as any other.
There is nothing to do with addiction either, simply that a heightened dopaminergic system can incite compulsive behaviors, such as compulsive gambling.
There was no sign of what had caused the loud cracking noise, but there were several faces peering through various nearby windows.
"Definitely, Maybe" is a proper Valentine's Day bonbon - a candy heart that tastes sweet, crunches nicely, and dissolves in seconds.
And nothing is said here in Acts 2: 38 to limit the various ways in which he may manifest himself in your life.
There were no mutual concessions; one stood erect, and the others yielded: and who can be ill-natured and bad-tempered when they encounter neither opposition nor indifference?
There is no clash of civilizations, only a clash between those who are for civilization, and those who are against it.
No one else was injured in the confrontation. It was unclear whether Lopez had been charged with anything.
H*e no too many resemble you imagines inside of those are fine with at , it is so-so to has no taste lightly!
Not so much as I could wish, Sir; but I dare say he may spend half his time here; and Miss Darcy is always down for the summer months.
It is not intended to imply that this sizing applies to a specific release of Lotus Domino on a specific platform.
There is no proof that, in the long run, property prices increase by any more than the rate of the growth of the economy plus inflation.
Without telegraphing anything, you've cocked your right hand and sped up the combination.
The analyzing method and application of J-coupling resolved spectroscopy and homonuclaer COSY are also described.
And made it clear he will have every single resource that he needs to investigate this heinous crime
and pick a sack, pluck a sock, and flick the plug, so I can put the pea in the plucked sock with the picked sack for ballast. . .
Perverse disputings of men of corrupt minds, and destitute of the truth, supposing that gain is godliness: from such withdraw thyself.
And a breakthrough to "changing study will power" can be found through this controllable development process.
and should be able to branch out and play all the different characters that I can, you know, 'cause that's what I love about acting.
And to more fully restore the anatomical relationship between the joint surface, reducing the occurrence of traumatic arthritis.
And can very effectively promote the social contacts, social relationships and help to purify the social atmosphere.
The loom achieve normal speed in a second, and achieve slow motion without slow motor.
And for the repair and modification, import or axial-flow turbocharger locomotives, power generation ships with supercharger.
At last, we deduce a regression equation to evaluate the low light tolerance.
And, to build the company a family and a stage for visionary people who want to make differences in their lives.
Put the two chairs side by side, and I clicked on the Washington lottery icon, and up came the winning numbers.
Besides, the system equipped the smog sensor and leakiness sensor of gas and guarded against fire and gas leakiness .
The diet medication can lengthen the life of patients and raise the living quality of patients.
And with precious algae active ingredients, continued to upgrade overall skin quality , make the skin restore to tight and clear.
The application prospect of these biotechnologies in genetics breeding and quality improvement of Allium plant was described.
And pray that even if such a dark time of chaos were to revisit us, our gracious Savior would shelter us from the storm.
And enable communication between them, as well as providing a way for the container to manage its components.
and switching the valves, so as to interconnect said membrane adsorber cartridges to operate ina countercurrent flow mode.
Also, 15 percent of men with terminal cancer were still screened for prostate cancer, compared to 27 percent who were cancer-free.
And that Arcade Fire can make such powerful art out of recognizing these moments makes our own existences feel worthy of documentation.
Furthermore, the decay modes for A(subscript H) can provide typical signals and clean backgrounds, which is beneficial to probe.
And Bharti's size and clout should allow it to pay much less than Zain for network towers and the like in Africa.
And the CDC has a network of physicians who routinely sample and test patients to see what bugs they have and might be circulating in the community.
Combined, Hertz-Picciotto said those factors "don't get us close" to the 600 to 700 percent increase in diagnosed cases.
Further, xx company is an international company with a promising future. I may also be lucky to expose to the people and life in XX.
And Ireland is bracing itself for a credit downgrade on its sovereign debt.
Also, Membership withdrawal of Zhuhai (China) and Gifu Prefecture and Kakamigahara (Japan) was approved as they wish.
And, not uniquely, but certainly, the octopus in Australia are masters at camouflage.
Mesure the transmittance of the etalon and the wind profile using the receiver in the molecule wind lidar system.
Children of centenarians are more likely to have the genetic variant; they're also more likely to be lacking in the height department.
And the industry's disclosure about such assets has tended to be far superior to that of the banks.
And he confirmed him in the high priesthood, and all the honours he had before, and he made him the chief of his friends.
And there is no creature hidden from His sight, but all things are naked and open to the eyes of Him to whom we must give account.
and Bell, as if ashamed, quickly distanced himself from the telephone monopoly bearing his name.
Also provided is a semiconductor device including a gate structure having a larger width at the top of the gate than the bottom of the gate.
Also, the present invention provides a tire manufactured by using the foregoing rubber composition for a tire.
And the this aircraft may use in the monomer hydraulic pressure prop plunger and the cylinder general distortion specially alignment.
S. from the Middle East, which he imagined would lead to the collapse of all the American-backed authoritarian regimes in the region.
I also authorize any investigation by Jinjuan International Advertising Co. , Ltd. of the above information for purposes of verification.
Besides the utility has an advantage of simple assembling and adjusting of device and a compact structure as a whole.
Moreover, the thesis carries out the demonstrative study in the renewal planning as well as the renewal dissemination.
Besides, the system is put on live for oversea branch in Asia, Europe and America.
Their immune systems also responded faster to infection, compared to their pale-feathered cousins.
And I can teach this lesson better than can an automobile or an airplane or a mechanical dishwasher because -- well, because I am seemingly so simple.
And it must stress that it will not allow the Russians to pick off individual EU countries through cosy bilateral deals.
And the thin impurity particles are avoided when large current continuously attacks the deposits in the filter.
and avoiding exposing the eyes to too much light, especially blue light, a few hours before bedtime.
And also when I prepare for something that means a lot to me, my mind goes to little thing, like my hand is not clean enough, purposely.
Also, must not ignore the CMYK gamut of digital printing and offset printing may be different.
And no matter what you do, you, the listener, are still at the center of all this: your friends, your trusted critics.
And, against all the odds, it has its first official astronaut in the shape of Tim Peake, an army helicopter test pilot.
And no matter how much your lordship tried to make this an undaunting experience, it is still the central criminal court and it still daunted [him].
and examines general, abstract questions, his data may have no validity at all for a particular firm in a particular situation.
And not just that you disagree with them, but to raise an objection.
And Adam was not deceived; but the woman, having been quite deceived, has fallen into transgression.
And not just one study, as no one study will be proof of anything —show me the mass of research that’s been done.
And unlike meat from those filthy places, it will not pollute rivers and streams, deplete groundwater or cause deforestation.
That ye be not slothful, but followers of them who through faith and patience inherit the promises.
That ye be not slothful, but followers of them who through faith and patience inherit the promises.
We do not want you to become lazy, but to imitate those who through faith and patience inherit what has been promised.
Moreover, no gel is needed for these electrodes to make a good contact with the headset-wearer's scalp.
And neither were the sabbaths kept, nor the solemn days of the fathers observed, neither did any man plainly profess himself to be a Jew.
The ministry has opened regional offices to ease paperwork. But lower tiers of government have failed to respond.
And the idea of taking probiotics yourself – rather than giving them to your infant – may also appeal to you.
By Monte Carlo simulation method, we get the distribution characters of regression coefficients and correspondence statistics.
It is applying similar techniques to those used by Ceres to speed up the growth of these trees and to increase their tolerance of cold.
and uses the weighted function of the moving least square approximation as a test function of the weighted residual method.
Broad bean addition endowed sorghum extrudates with the strong atmosphere of bean flavor.
Furthermore, Zen does not find anything frightening in in infinite possibilities, unlimited freedom, never-ending responsibilities.
Also, overweight children may be underreporting their intake of unhealthy food and may misperceive the quality of the exercise they do.
It has also starkly raised the question of who will have the upper hand in future negotiations.
In addition, remuneration shall be paid AS prescribed by regulations unless this Law provides that no remuneration needs to be paid.
And that ye put on the new man, which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness.
And the charities get to choose whether to receive support from an advertiser… if they don’t want a certain ad to appear alongside their brand, it doesn’t.
Moreover, it will serve as an important signal to the international community that China takes seriously its obligations to uphold human rights.
The game will feature both head-to-head battles and stand-alone raid and dungeon scenarios, which players can cooperate to overcome.
The nosologic position of this type of ALS in the molecular pathologic and genetic classification of ALS is unknown.
And therein lies a lesson. Give or take a dime or two, it matters little where a poverty line is drawn.
and from the perspective of the northern hemisphere, the sun appears to move south and get smaller and more scarce.
" And from then on he adopted the maxim, " Napoleon is always right, " in addition to his private motto of " I will work harder.
Besides, the forms of the jade are coincident wonderfully. Therefore, the jade of Hongshan culture had been the rudiment of the ritual wares.
And logically that makes so much sense, because we live in a society where people do care what you look like.
Also is something very especial, waiting since you take the photo till you develop it.
Obtaining the bulk of your daily food intake from fresh fruits and vegetables will promote good health and a healthy metabolism.
T500 flow time of modified grouting materials to be shorter, slump flow (SF) was bigger when coarse aggregate ratio were more.
There is an angular velocity at any moment in time, omega, which will change with time, no doubt.
And the earth shall be wholly rent in sunder, And all that is upon the earth shall perish, And there shall be a judgement upon all (men).
And most of the brothers, being confident in the Lord because of my bonds, are more exceedingly bold to speak the word of God without fear.
And many of the brethren in the Lord, growing confident by my bands, are much more bold to speak the word of God without fear.
And, Chan says, repairs are far easier, because only a stair or two needs to be removed at a time.
and while NEC's transfers are predominantly Japanese, Ericsson's multidirectional process involves all nationalities.
And as security chairman for the Internet's key oversight body, he is trying to defend the core addressing system from outside threats.
And the fate of the free trade pact the administration negotiated with the Colombian government will soon be decided in the U. S. Congress.
And when the United States places obstacles in the way of foreign investor and foreign goods , it's likely to encourage reciprocal abroad .
Moreover, your relaxation will easy other people, it's easier for you to communicate.
And you have to find a way to support yourself financially while you follow your passion.
And, when you've completed yet another degree, you'll be able to command more in the marketplace for your skills and knowledge.
And, of course, my presence, my existence, caused a monstrous rift between my parents.
And, naturally, you can bid adieu to Friday bagels and coffee on the company's dime.
And of course, an understanding and appreciation of the business context of your development effort is essential.
And, of course, there's seasonal affective disorder, perhaps better known by its apt acronym SAD.
And when you upgrade to a newer version of Python, you don't have to worry that you might be abandoning existing pickles.
Also, common ownership hindered turnaround when trying to solve complex and wide reaching problems.
And while all this was being diagnosed and treated we actually started the master science database merge.
And don’t get so upset when they mess up, when they don’t do what they’re “supposed” to do … because they’re supposed to mess up.
And when they complain, they don't get coddled or promised better things: They get bluntly shown the door.
And when he won a collegiateliterary prize, Norman Mailer knew that his true calling was as a writer.
Moreover, it becomes a powerful teammate when combined with other tools like passion, goal-setting, and planning.
And you don't have to be from Waco to know that when the Pentagon makes crooks rich and doesn't make America strong, that it's a bum deal.
And the entrance into this upward spiral of consciousness occurs when the heart chakra becomes energetically open and permeable.
And while a man may feel like it, he has that ounce more of control than a woman has.
Turns out Bobby had owned a small landscaping business, and had loved his work, but he suffered an injury on the job that required an operation.
and, secondly, by the proportion between the number of those who are employed in useful labour, and that of those who are not so employed.
So Current-mode technology provides a feasible technology to low-noise measurement, amplification and filter for weak fluorescence signal.
Alternately, capacitive sensing can also be used for proximity sensing where no contact is required between the sensor and the user's body.
And are in the glycine and soybean flour and cornmeal as a nitrogen source and starch as a carbon source the best mycelial growth potential.
'For WTO members, it's insurance on the other side that the Russian trade regime is now stable, predictable and transparent. '
It also discusses function of city circular road construction, the necessity of performing by stages and the station of viaduct in circular road.
and an analysis of the law of transfer arm movement, transfer arm rotational angular velocity is cosine changing law.
And to improve the sub-health status: dizziness, headache, language delay, forgetful, lethargy, weakness, and so have good results.
The guidance law right to intercept moving targets is of a highly adaptive and a kind precision guided law with practical value.
Key factors of NC interpolation ball bear grinding were analyzed theoretically and manipulated practically.
And for Israel to gain nothing from its fight would be an abject humiliation.
And for most people, geeks or not, modern life is just this incredibly complex problem amenable to no good obvious solution.
And trust in rising home value as a truism as reliable as a sunrise was a major contributor to the catastrophic collapse of the economy.
And the bigger the company the more likely management is to say that cloud computing is a top-five IT priority.
In most cases the CMS is the only means for determining the extent and volume of an otherwise inaccessible underground cavity.
Moreover, the demanded licensing fee is usually prohibitively expensive for most amateur individuals to clear the samples.
And, of that, there has never been more than a trace in the government's plans.
The paper also improves the quota weight and max-subjection principle of evaluation result.
Thou hast moreover multiplied thy fornication in the land of Canaan unto Chaldea; and yet thou wast not satisfied herewith .
Plus, the launch site and trajectory are easy to identify, inviting retaliation in kind from the target nation.
And the music should be another passageway to accessing the collective unconscious, besides mythology and poem.
In addition, the calculation results also show that the existence of torsion in a twisted nanobelt hardly affects the thermal conductivity.
And the Court is all too aware of the practical and public relations costs if companies must go after users one by one.
Still, “vent organisms seem to be adapted to withstand relatively frequent natural and severe disasters,” says Van Dover.
and a property bust could spill over into other fields to which banks have lots of exposure.
Moreover, it is significant that the pilot schemes should be situated along the DFC and involve Japanese finance and engineering.
moreover, separating multi-segments to compensate the dispersion can obtain larger bandwidth and flatter parametric gain.
And he dealt to every one of Israel, both man and woman, to every one a loaf of bread, and a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of wine.
Besides, a sharper cutting tool will produce a cleaner cut, so there are more than just safety advantages here.
You also responsible for spare parts purchase and inventory control to ensure availability and prevent long machine downtime.
It was found that there was no positive relationship between the decomposition rate of ethyl nitrite and the reactivity of C2H5ONO with CO.
and it included none of the entitlement reforms that President Barack Obama was once prepared to contemplate.
Also, RET mutations were found to be correlated with the persistence of the disease (both biochemical and metastatic).
Altering the pitch of the playback gives an extra boost to the effect as well; that's called "Frequency Altered Feedback. "
And by God, did the opposing team captain ever get a firm handshake and a gaze he would remember.
Also, tell him not to be afraid to ask for clarification if he hasn't understood the question or a particular word.
And told them that any sponsorship money they raised for charity would be doubled by the company .
It carried out in the MATLAB simulation, experimental test proof that the results of this image mosaic method are very satisfactory.
Under Turkey's draconian penal code, anyone who dares to describe the Armenian tragedy as a genocide can end up in jail or even dead.
Also disclosed is a method of detecting the reproductive status, in particular the oestrus cycle, of a mammal.
And married women and men who worked a colossal 60 hours or more per week had 10 percent more sex than unmarried overworked folks.
and outlined a new vision for a more economically integrated and politically stable South and Central Asia, with India as a linchpin.
And, crucially, are there any interrogation techniques that can be shown to be both effective and humane?
Moreover, an optical disk makes an immense amount of information available on a microcomputer.
16And he fell on his face before his feet, giving thanks: and this was a Samaritan.
And lived like a dung beetle, drinking and eating his own. . .
It is also has the latest American hover technology, and is capable of floating across water, giving it a strategic advanctage.
It further warns schools that they must not try to dissuade accusers from filing criminal complaints either during or after the internal investigations that schools are required to undertake.
Moreover, we find reciprocity, trust and open have something to do with the locally individual relationship of entrepreneurs.
And also thought the rule of law certainly does not equate to society's prosperity, the law is only form justice and the moral.
it also reversed an earlier Supreme Court decision, made in 2000, declaring Nebraska's ban on partial-birth abortion unconstitutional.
and he invited all of his eminent friends over for a dinner celebration.
And wine still wanted to taste that delicacy of a little in person.
And, about sixty percent mistakenly thought the sun was generally good for one's health.
Then there was a bit about "you deserve to be with legal tender that fulfills you more than I ever could. " Another smudge.
And there is a problem where it located--in frozen arctic regions or in ocean water opt the letter of coast, and up to a mile down.
Additionally, rural sewage contains plenty of people and animal excreta, including high volumes of TN and TP especially.
And, of course, he WILL get games in his favored position and he may even take yet another step up in terms of his ability in the center.
There's no dispute that the quality of players wearing the red jersey during these times were talented on an astronomical scale.
And the grand ballroom is on the second floor. Did you get all that?
The lightweight mice also had about 50% less body fat than their heavyweight counterparts, particularly in the belly area.
And, as usual, a whole new set of drivers for audio and multimedia have been added to cater to the desktop crowd.
And many wonder whether the United States, mutual defense treaties aside, would join the fray over tiny uninhabited islands.
Failure mode is bending failure along the surface occurred by bond-type damage, take the place of shear failure.
And HP has only one undisputed jewel: the business of selling replacement ink cartridges for its printers at profit margins of about 80%.
and the tensile force of the piston rod can be adjusted through regulating the volume of working air pressure through the filter.
Andthis method is used to analyze the local dexterity of the haptic device.
And, above all, we need to know what works and what doesn't so that Medicare and Medicaid can say no to expensive procedures with little or no medical benefit.
The machine type communicating device has low cost, and a waterproof device does not need additionally arranging.
And even if the rest of the white working class is in the Republican column for now, it may not stay there for long.
And even though the men didn’t finish their itinerary, both say they achieved that goal.
And even if he loses, his son Rory might be Nevada's next governor.
And that tremendous discipline has meant that, again and again, the story has been the disgraceful and unprovoked police brutality.
So that through this reconciliation the crimson stains of our sins may be made as white as snow.
And nearly all the time, these people had no obvious sign of herpes infection while they were actively shedding virus.
And all the heart-unhealthy behaviors fans tend to indulge in during a big game (fatty foods, smoking, drinking) exacerbate the risk.
"Now, " he pursued, "you remember what you've undertook, and you remember that young man, and you get home! "
In addition, people who were reminded of the original question were better equipped to call out speakers' deceptive answers.
And remember, steer clear of a high-sugar, high fat diet to help keep your brain as healthy possible as you age.
And also remember: If a woman feels a strong ATTRACTION for you, then the rest of the equation isn't as important.
The produced artistic flowerpot has the advantages of excellent antique effect, fastness, good durability and strong stereoscopic effect.
And America would have to take the hardest hit of all if it had continued with runaway spending.
The two sides of the slit of the grafting cylinder (1) are respectively fixedly connected with an open frame (2).
If you want to dry-clean the cases, please take it together with other detachable parts, so as not to bring color difference caused by the fading.
And it’s a problem because a lot of people are searching for it, only to find cheap imitations.
That could be extended to all discrete random variable and vector with the infinited countable distribution series.
In addition, anxiety triggers the "fight or flight" reflex that sends blood away from the central body, including the penis, and out toward the limbs for escape or self-defense.
And Dogfish is also bringing back one of their more unusual forays into alcohol-infused time travel.
And a lower tax bill does not always compensate for the expense and monotony of Swiss life.
Combining with the FE model condensation technique, the request of the testing model dimensions is decreased.
Combined with the above strategy, there has given the improved algorithm pseudo-code flow and improved efficiency of the algorithm.
Together, Venus and Mars are adding magnetism, drive, compassion, diplomacy, and charm to these areas of your life.
And only some of the stuff its better-paid workers buy will come from the moribund rich world.
"And despite lip-service to political correctness, the dog-eat-dog environment endures: if you don'tperform, you are toast, " she said.
and, despite glowing accounts from some celebrities, the Church of Scientology basically is a mind control organization.
Furthermore, the reform leads to broaden the management right, to fulfill disposition right and to ensure usufruct .
And the necessity of using soil enzyme activity to evaluate the soil fertility in rubber plantation was further put forward.
After treated by acetic acid, in the cells we do not find green fluorescence.
In additions, the coefficients of variation and pitting become more stable and popular after modification by fractal dimension.
And with warm weather predicted in Spain, the German said his day of karting should stand him in good stead.
And, for that matter, a related form of bigotry has always driven the whole "local" model for local radio and newspaper coverage.
And just like the volcano here on Earth, shockwaves can be seen when the black hole pumps energetic particles into the cluster gas.
And just as casinos offer free accommodation and meals to big players, ADWs offer redeemable reward points as an added incentive.
And as every cook learns early on, it's all too easy to burn the outside of a hamburger or a potato before the center is warm.
And endings disrupt the flow of our lives, as they compel us to look in other directions, point out our shortcomings and work on ourselves.
And has this variety tea normal fragrance, fragrance neat, mellow, rich, lasting, fresh pure, does not have other unusual smells.
and have the function of walking in, rotation, panting, regional amplification, switching point of view a variety of smooth interaction.
Two aluminizing tubular heat exchangers with this method are long term usage in a sulphuric enterprise without any trouble.
And I decided that living in a van for a year to do this would be like one long camping trip.
And, caffeine causes our brains to produce higher levels of dopamine, the brain chemical that floods us with a sense of pleasure.
And, work was continuing on opening up public space along the banks so that local people could use and enjoy the waterway.
And it seemed like they took the hint to use more precise measures of system performance using load and path analysis tools.
And have hope toward God, which they themselves also allow, that there shall be a resurrection of the dead, both of the just and unjust.
In whom you also are built together into an habitation of God in the Spirit.
And scientists had not expected such a large earthquake happening off the coast of Japan.
And there may not be a market for such a big increase in alfalfa.
can produce a large angular dispersion and compensate the dispersion and the dispersion slope synchronously and independently.
And, most assuredly, you do not have the right to endanger their health and well-being and very life to conform with your beliefs.
And you can cut down fat and sugar more by using skim milk and an artificial sweetener.
It will clear the way for others that are almost ready to go ahead, and relies on our allies completing their groundwork.
and shade by our branches to cool one from the heat of the hottest sun along with shelter one from the wind, snow and rain.
What "s more, the augment of every radius of semi-circle Drawbead will reduce the thickness reduction and the equivalent strain. "
And came and preached peace to you which were afar off, and to them that were nigh.
And mud from the bottom of the pond can be used to fertilize the crops.
Electron temperature was obtained by Boltzmann plot method in the PPT, never changing with increasing the main capacitor discharge energy.
In addition, the completed programming has been used to analysis the influence of main-depute powder proportion, ignition delay of depute power and plunger mass on interior performance.
As well, there are parts of Quantum that feel incomplete, as if they were left on the cutting room floor.
And both that morning equally lay In leaves no step had trodden black. Oh, I kept the first for another day!
Furthermore, the reed, which can be used for power generation, is a clean and abundant energy resource.
And Mary and Laura would sleep in the bottom bed, where it was.
And Max, Cindy's love and compassion awaits you, but she's afraid that you're still in love with your ex-wife.
And Machu Picchu should be open again for business by May, the start of the high season in the Peruvian Andes.
And there aren't many tourists who just show up to see a funny Easter egg in the software, or to enter junk queries.
And there shall be no remnant of them: for I will bring evil upon the men of Anathoth, even the year of their visitation.
And he set the 24-hr. gap between moves to ensure an antiseptic game, with none of the silly blunders you get in speed chess.
And the splendor of a mountain range every time you line up a tee shot is enough to take anyone's eye off the ball.
And American judges and lawyers deny (not always plausibly) that they act up for the camera.
Although American officials have said they were brothers, a neighbor who gave his name only as Qassim said the men were cousins.
None pass, and the U. S. Justice Department warns that some of the plans might violate federal law.
And the American Heart Association believes the 1, 500-milligram-a-day recommendation should apply to all Americans.
And the money Americans might venture in emerging stockmarkets would be an equity investment, creating no obligation to repay.
And, renown division suggests examinee should arrange proper time to review agronomy everyday, successive concentration captures, perserve.
And yet, as Maurer notes, Lepinay's book is not just a blunt denunciation of financial innovation, but “a call for engagement with it, to think about how we might try to construct it differently.
And papaya belongs to low calorie fruit, so eating time do not have to worry about the body.
The gold of that land is good; aromatic resin and onyx are also there.
And the oil refinery is leased until 2019 by Venezuela's state-owned oil company, PDVSA, for $18m a year.
And that is completely acceptable no matter what other personality types are trying to tell you.
and the outcry of those who did the harvesting has reached the ears of the Lord of Sabaoth.
And that which is done is the addition of water and sediment (dirt, particulate matter).
And all of that expensive machinery was housed in a room not half the size of this one. . .
And the Americans doing the asking are likely to be "Anglos" , as non-Hispanic whites are often called.
And those who want to try something unusual can go fishing at night.
And I call this kind of people conspiracy theorists, who' d like to turn easy matters into complicated ones.
And that seems to produce for DARPA what many millions spent on more run-of-the-mill research projects has failed to generate.
14 and most of the brethren in the Lord, having become confident by my chains, are much more bold to speak the word without fear.
And can wash out or wipe off superficial dirty mark very easily, let you in disgrace in none of any times.
And is able to balance the excess grease, effective dissolution of emulsified gambling plug the pores.
And would it be possible to have an English muffin instead of toast?
And when the blood of thy martyr Stephen was shed, I also was standing by, and consenting unto his death, and kept the raiment of them that slew him.
And when the blood of your martyr Stephen was shed, I stood there giving my approval and guarding the clothes of those who were killing him.
Also,then you learn something about the Greek world, why I gave an entire lecture at the beginning of the semester on the Greek world and the Roman world, and second temple Judaism.
And you'll greet and start talking to this new person with a smile and a friendly and relaxed attitude.
Can also be associated with anger, in which you think, "Why on earth should I care that so-and-so has a sunburn? "
All the while, soften her up by telling her how much you admire her dedication or analytical prowess.
Your response also did not address the issue of preparing and approving validation protocols which lacked this important information.
And the little ones that you said would be taken captive, your children who do not yet know good from bad-they will enter the land.
And you will put in place a framework for a far-reaching Secretariat and management reform, which must be followed up and implemented.
By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain.
And, you know, I have asked Larry Summers to give me a daily economic intelligence briefing so that we are monitoring what's happening. . .
And the more you can recline, in a way, the better it is.
and then you see it is horrible, here we are dining in a room with a bed in it, and that disgusts me with life.
When you sow, you do not plant the body that will be, but just a seed , perhaps of wheat or of something else .
And what you sow, you do not sow the body that will be, but a bare grain, perhaps of wheat or of some other of the rest.
Also you want to ask does the causal relation make sense or could it be accidental?
And you’ll need to book a month in advance for this venerable British institution.
Also, you should try to meditate at the same time each day to help create a sense of ritual.
And you owe it to yourself and to posterity to protect The genetic integrity of your sister's future offspring. You're right.
And that, you know, we can reach across the void and touch each other and believe in each other and work together.
You also become liable to repay what may have been paid out on incorrect grounds.
You'll also never really know how much work is planned for your release.
And it helps to have restful sleep in between to remember long term.
and was thickly planted with trees of every kind that, by their great size and other charm, gave pleasure to the beholder. . .
And, with suitable programming, touching the water surface at any point can propagate patterns horizontally, along the wall, to other locations, " Mitchell explains.
And a planet just happens to form around the same distance that Earth is away from the Sun with a similar tilt and atmosphere.
And making your bed is one quick, easy way to get some semblance of a tidy room (even when your closet is anything but. )
And mammograms can often show only part of a tumor -- what looks like a speck on a mammogram is often at the core of a much larger tumor.
And as other studies suggest, the earlier a responder arrived at ground zero, the more serious their illness.
Some of the potential new drugs worked in ways that appeared to be totally different than existing antibiotics.
And corporate "scenario planners" are better than they used to be at thinking about Black Swan-type events.
Taking his hand, she led him into a nearby department store and bought him a new pair of shoes and a warm jacket.
The former become effective after making the decisions and noticing the deprived shareholders, while the latter need lodge a complaint and devise adjudge.
And denounce the power of death over our souls and secret words are sent to start a war
And clever application design elements, and give a visual impact with aesthetic to daydream space.
Also, please fill out the petition below and tell us how you intend to masturbate for peace.
and, by his overruling providence, direct and dispose of all things to his own glory.
And prioritizing the importance of implementing this use case versus another helps you know where to start.
Further, the onset latency of the antagonist trunk muscles increased with target distance, but decreased with target load.
And, instead of an explosion, you end up with a manageable amount of heat energy, which can be used to boil water.
And, certainly, Madrid in general, how much the team missed to enjoy completely a match.
And yes, I have seen him misuse this unerring talent for locating delicate issues.
Island groups also straddle busy sea lanes that are a crucial conduit for oil and other resources fueling China's fast-expanding economy.
Furthermore the burner membrane uninterruptedly flows over from the base section through the transition region into the closing section.
And, much to your surprise, you probably know someone who is an addict!
Give a full play to self-nature, Buddha-nature, Qi, calmness and refinement without disturbance.
And the people deficient will, easy to be discouraged, meets difficultly flinches, cannot persist to get down, easy to give up.
Moreover, it is recognized that the results of any reservoir simulation model are strongly influenced by the underlying geologic model.
And that repentance and remission of sins should be preached in his name among all nations, beginning at Jerusalem.
And that repentance for forgiveness of sins would be proclaimed in His name to all the nations, beginning from Jerusalem.
Any waiver by either party will not constitute or be construed a continuing waiver of any subsequent default.
This paper consider that the Covert channel technology is not a separate technology, but a branch of information hiding technology.
Amines polymerize with the oxidized products of phenol into brown precipitate in the solution and would be removed .
And, as if wedded bliss were not its own reward, authorities will offer cash or gifts to couples who tie the knot.
And if it weren't for the recession-related plunge in global trade that began in 2009, the deficit would probably be even bigger.
And if the goods are found not in conformity with that of the contract, we are entitled to lodge a claim with you or reject the goods.
And operational downtime caused by reliability or performance problems can incur opportunity costs if customers are unable to access your system or the business is unable to do its work.
And too much time spent delving into the numerous Doomsday scenarios can lead one into a very negative state of mind indeed.
And if America does not act, Europe will undoubtedly, at some point, give up on greenery.
And if America were able to emulate the emerging economies' export-led growth, it would not need to borrow their industrial policies.
And if you wait till then, by the time you get the futon, it might be all over.
And if you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work and sit at the gate of the temple and take alms of those who work with joy.
And the only explanations for it do not seem to work if you swap out "human" for some other animal or creature.
And if you're not ready to pay that price don't use the word freedom in your vocabulary.
And if you're reclined a great deal , you have to use muscle force to hold your head there . So that's where a headrest comes in.
And if you're a KDE user, you'll fully appreciate the beautiful Qt interface, though it (like most Qt apps) also looks great on Gnome.
And the compiler warns you if and when you deviate from that type.
And if you do all the analysis and design up front, you may be preventing the design from evolving as you know more about the feature.
And if one of my children ever tries to put a piano in their mouth I'll have their IQ tested before their blood.
and if not exercised prior thereto shall terminate and no longer be exercisable .
And if the initial stimulus triggers a cascade of expenditure among consumers and businesses, the multiplier can be well above one.
And just like the example in the question, Stalkers with blink ability and High Templars with psionic storm can be counter Banshees as well.
And like the Petty Girl, the Monroe is for the millions a figure of fantasy rather than of flesh.
And she confessed to a certain trepidation at expanding her efforts along these lines.
And Samaras said he would not sign on behalf of any party where the proposed aid by the EU conditions.
And God is free to do this, that is to change sinners into saints, because of the sacrificial work of His Son, the Lord Jesus, on the cross of Calvary.
The effects of material and dimension of model blocks are not obvious, and the above laws are not validated by continuum block medium.
A supporting tool implementing the heuristics is designed and a case study on an open source project is conducted to validate our method.
And deeply believe that this is a mediocre, it is old, death and resistance to the disappearance of power.
And God would be justified in casting the whole world away from his presence for eternity in hell.
and the interest of the producer ought to be attended to only so far as it may be necessary for promoting that of the consumer.
And poetry exercises this muscle by encouraging figurative language providing a sounding ground for your ideas, feelings, reminiscences by putting them into a concrete perspective.
and with pointed attention continued to talk to her and endeavour to raise her spirits, in spite of being out of spirits herself.
And indeed, after some time the victim is forced in some sort of feign death reflex concerning his original personality.
Besides, it also realizes the recycling of braking energy. When the car brakes, motor turns into a generator to the battery charge.
Every night you ride into my dreams on your scooter , dressed as a bride .
The timing also makes sense because it's been a year since the last Chung Jung Won fan signing.
The delay is short, the algorithmic complexity is not high and G. 729A is suitably implemented on DSP chip.
and the psychological state of poor children, especially the students are very prone to inferiority complex.
Then they struck the men who were at the door of the house, young and old, with blindness so that they could not find the door.
smoothes rough patches. Mixed with your favorite deep conditioner, Epsom Salt helps to add body to hair.
and that they made their planning decisions tangible in the form of an expanded course syllabus.
And the WSAS plug-in makes it easy to turn your Java application into a Web service running on WSAS.
It is quite safe as it won't irritate the skin or jeopardize one's health.
And plenty of the world’s container vessels are sitting idly waiting for the world economy to pick up after the recent recession in the rich world.
And actually, their cumulative emissions this year are the equivalent to where we were in 1965.
And indeed attendance remains strong at marquee events, such as the Arkansas and Kentucky derbies or Britain's Grand National.
Also, being an accountant can help me to explore my knowledge of business and provide me a board range of network among the business world.
And it is that capacity to help people assimilate into our society that I'd like for you to see firsthand.
And, try, I know it is hot out, but try if you going out at those hours, long sleeve shirts and long trousers or slacks for the ladies.
Combined with an increasingly warm climate, this could cause the size of the residents of such an ecosystem to fall.
Also, frost the eve of beginning to receive some of my friends loved and some of the professional media attention.
And who knows if, when she came to be aware of all this some day, and found herself a nun to her sorrow, Cosette would not come to hate him?
And again, the third time, the venerable Ananda besought the Blessed One in the same words.
Instead, the newspaper said, the extra time slots would be filled with programs that "promote harmony, health and mainstream culture. "
State, only if it is applicable, that they will still receive all the services they usually do whether they choose to participate or not.
saying that if anything went wrong he would be exempt from all blame.
The officials said the former workers were ineligible for unemployment support because they had worked at Canon less than a year.
and he told me that i have legal visitation rights to come to Dusseldorf
And then, strange to say, the first symptom of true love in a young man is timidity; in a young girl it is boldness.
It said that there is an accumulating pile of evidence of damage that this does to larger forms of marine life like seals and tortoises.
There is no existence of one-side abettor in practice and it can be punished directly as abettor prescribed in law.
And Starbucks has a deal with Borders Books to operate coffee shops within the bookshop's super stores.
And although none of the latest scandals directly involves the prime minister, they suggest that corruption has become rife on his watch.
With the rise and fall of datum plane, sedimentary centre of sand stone moved towards sediments source or basin.
and with us we have a special speedometer that measures their relative speed
And, with support for the Conservatives and Labour falling, the number of MPs elected by a minority of votes cast in their seat has risen.
As the demanding of industrial technology, The next advancement for nano-measurement is higher resolution and wider measurement range.
And if, with the decay of vitality, weariness increases, the thought of rest will not be unwelcome.
As your state of mind becomes increasingly more optimistic, you will be able to handle everyday stress in a more constructive way.
And with our hyper-consumption of those animals producing greenhouse gases and heart disease, kindness might just be a bit of a red herring.
And with the increasing number of college students, the Academic Management System data volume also continued to rise.
All lie on the surface of the seabed, and many are only 1-2km below water level.
No such party has the authority to waive or vary any of these terms.
The clubs all now become unsecured creditors in relation to any money they are owed, it added.
And all of these tools are open-source, the code freely available for other developers' experimentation.
And he is not allowed to leave unless there is another, extra bus waiting to leave on schedule, or on time.
And he showed that self-control, though almost certainly heritable in part, can be toned up by exercising it.
And, he said, if people are following the recommended lower-calorie diet, weight gain shouldn't be significant.
And the majority of his Seventies work would veer toward a more insidious realization of America Via explorations in the realm of punk and blues.
Three, his attack speed, dodge ability and critical strike ratio is disgustingly godly.
Even his sense of humour seemed to have deserted him, leaving him in an irritable mood.
And his gene, hormonal begin to produce an effect to his abdomen with decelerated metabolism.
And his critics agree with him on one matter: the paper points to the importance of reducing fertilizer use in China.
And his administration is just now going over fresh requests for multiple billions in bailout cash from ailing automakers.
Moreover, he had just noticed that the man who was addressing him had no hat, and this inspired him with confidence.
And he got a 800-yuan voucher from the city's federation of trade unions with which he can buy supplies at local department stores.
And he outlined a promising new policy to bring coherence to the often incoherent American foreign aid and development system.
And he has a receptive audience: voters sick of the looting of their country will back a leader who seems genuine about reform.
And he also in here and stewardess amy Liya (Katherine. Ze tower - Jones) has had a section of romantic love.
And he seems misinformed about the source of the slight uptick in the U.S. fertility rate in recent years.
Also the time he spent dating his wife before marrying her is still under consideration for valuation. . . valuation of intangible assets.
There is now more billboard advertising in Moscow alone than in all of Britain, he says. "Unfortunately, we call this the jungle, " he said.
And he warned Teheran it faces ever increasing sanctions if it refuses to suspend nuclear enrichment.
And it was generous of him to contribute a lot of money every year.
And the publicist will glare at you and be like, "We're not answering questions on that today"
And all these people save furiously, because unless they work for the state they are unlikely to receive much of a pension.
And they believe passionately in their treatments, which are often delivered with great and reassuring ceremony.
and have somewhat hastily concluded that it is the chief end of man here to "glorify God and enjoy him forever. "
And they still may need to retest for other radioactive isotopes that had been found in the seawater around the No. 2 reactor, including troubling quantities of cesium, barium, cobalt and lanthanum.
And also that nation, whom they shall serve, will I judge: and afterward shall they come out with great substance.
'We have progressed from monochrome to color, now is the era of the 3D stereoscopic effect, ' it says.
Also, the task of the linguists is to study competence rather than performance which is too haphazard .
And he thinks that it was precisely such a threshold that was crossed with the invention of the scientific method.
And, he says, coed dorm mates look out for each other, like brothers and sisters.
And that he died for all, that they which live should not henceforth live unto themselves, but unto him which died for them, and rose again.
The solution, Engelbart believed, would come from tools that could augment human intelligence.
And he could not understand how a man could contrive to look neat and spruce and do anything else.
And he certainly questions the diminishing of his virility, what the Dutch call "the shutting of the door. "
And he's always been crooked so don't tell me you think politicians are honest.
And he experienced with the various organs Luoenhemin final conjure no stone left in the hands of Voldemort.
And the kind of independence he might eventually seek could be much less of a break-up than many now imagine.
And she would not let me undress her, hid in the wardrobe to change.
Besides, she provided him with a marvellous sharpness of ear, so that he could under stand the voices of all birds.
she defeated Bill Halter, the state's lieutenant governor, who played heavily to anti-incumbent sentiment.
She had also created a Vision Board, met a few new people in her life both of which I was absolutely happy for her.
And she inspired millions with her strength, courage and unyielding commitment to the cause of working Americans.
And it failed to keep a promise to make photos and videos on deactivated and deleted accounts inaccessible.
And, true to its maker's sharp-nosed retail roots, it undercuts its biggest competitor, the Apple (AAPL) iPad, by at least $300.
And its ability to understand language is more advanced than any other computer ever developed.
And it is right to be pessimistic about what would happen if this dream were fulfilled — but for the wrong reasons.
Besides that, gold is used in many, many applications like highly conductive wiring, reflective coating, and dentistry.
And it will help enterprise establish a self-appraisal management mechanism make the enterprise may unceasingly carry on and unceasingly improve.
and their bite is even worse than their ear-splitting bark. The Tasmanian devil has the strongest bite-force of any living mammal. . .
And its flattened shape implies that Iapetus once spun very quickly, completing a rotation in 16 hours.
And it is a very active community with tons of chat rooms and forums to chime in on.
Also, it's totally up to you that how much time you are going to spend on your image.
It also didn't ride up or bounce like some other running or hydration belts.
And the discipline of expressing your thoughts in remorseless, rigorous logic is wonderful mental exercise.
And a hilarious mirror of our culture's ability to rationalize any kind of behavior, as long as it boosts the bottom line.
And the more false, the more absurd, and the more evil it is, the easier it will be to refute.
Go within and find your pathway to Ascension, as it may be quite different to others and follow your intuition.
Also, the crevice corrosion and sulphide stress corrosion cracking mechanisms of bolts in corrosive environment were discussed.
And a new improved droop method, P-Q droop coefficient regulation method, was proposed. Simulation results confirm the proposed method.
And his inward affection is more abundant toward you, whilst he remembereth the obedience of you all, how with fear and trembling ye received him.
I had made an appointment and seen you before, and I had submitted my application of sick leave for the next semester.
They also showed reductions in their levels of free, circulating androgens, the male hormones known to cause acne, suggesting that hormones played a role.
And, the ceiling may have been a bit lower than normal because it felt like it was pressing down on me.
And by IR, TGA, fluorescence spectroscopy and X-ray diffraction on the crystal structure and properties were characterized and studied.
In addition, we test the rejection ratio of very sample and get the result of the rubber sponge ball no damnification to the membrane.
Their physiological state, as measured by skin temperature, heart rate and respiration, also fell after exposure to the tears.
Through analyzing the current situation of online reading, proposes measures for developing the normality online reading.
And its separated filter cake is able to achieve the country emission standard directly and saves the following processing cost.
Reasonable die structure dimension and optimum time of flanging and discharging were determined through theoretical analysis.
By consigning trial to the literacy childhood illiteracy to history we'll help make poverty history too.
And the way the experiment measured the common printing paper gloss, smoothness, whiteness, opacity and folding endurance.
Also, the effect of credit period length and obsolescence risk on the firm's optimal strategy and annual total cost is examined.
Furthermore, the case study indicates that distributing the resource capability based on postponement can obtain the better effect.
And through this compromise, both parties are going to have to work together on a larger plan to get our nation's finances in order.
Moreover, the Unification and the Ununification interweave with each other, they both have the trend of developing into the opposite.
And Tory thinking in these areas was a vacuum waiting to be filled.
And outside the sanitary quality of food is usually less secure than the school canteen, which is also a negative factor in the body.
And a limiting retaining mechanism is arranged between the outer cover and the valve cover, which achieves multiple guarding against theft.
Moreover he put out Zedekiah's eyes, and bound him with chains, to carry him to Babylon.
And find immortality as only the Gods once knew. I'm proud to serve with you. Good hunting.
Additionally a characters intelligence skill also increases the melee oriented characters' passive combat skills.
And, since the nodes in networks are randomly distributed and the loads of links are different, the links need be treated differently.
Yea, they spake against God; they said, Can God furnish a table in the wilderness?
And to start off on your crusade for memory-leak finding, you'll create a test MySQL database, shown in Listing 4.
To clearly express the point of view, many charts are used in the analytic process.
Also, for accurate force measurements, the force sensors need to be mounted as close to the point of cutting as possible.
And unmarried partners cannot receive the SocialSecurity benefits derived from a deceased or disabled spouse'saccount.
And the recipients were pregnant women, whereas the point of giving bed nets away is to provide anti-malaria treatment universally.
And ask yourself how much of that bold prediction is based on reliable numbers and how much is outright guesswork.
Moreover I will make thee waste, and a reproach among the nations that are round about thee, in the sight of all that pass by.
And I didn't believe that technology would threaten the company as fast as critics thought.
And what I will have answered you is not mainly from Wikipedia or. . . any textbook. . . anything like that but my very personal answers.
My tongue will tell of your righteous acts all day long, for those who wanted to harm me have been put to shame and confusion.
And I deeply believe kindred, good-fellowshellop and love will perfection and happy in the future.
And, I'll tell you, we look right away to see if the body was dragged in after and maybe a knife got put into the corpse's hand.
And I've been down in South America area. Do you know South America?
And I shall greatly appreciate if you can favorably consider her application for admission and financial aid.
Instead, I devoted myself to the work on this wall. All my men were assembled there for the work; we did not acquire any land.
And I'll talk principally from the perspective of both the lawyer and author and president of The Authors Guild.
and I shall enter upon their performance with entire confidence in the support of a just and generous people.
And I'll be toasting the New Year with ginger ale and not with wine or champagne.
And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers.
Moreover I will endeavour that ye may be able after my decease to have these things always in remembrance.
And I felt just like a sullen new mom, not ready for her role.
I did not inform the company too, as i did not know what to say.
And we must first frame these goals without considering the probability of attaining them.
And let ours also learn to maintain good works for necessary uses, that they be not unfruitful.
and our Constitution surmount every adverse circumstance dreaded at the outset as beyond control.
Moreover, we found that presynaptic but not postsynaptic inactivation of presenilins alters short-term plasticity and synaptic facilitation.
And we'll soon unveil Windows XP, Xbox, and Tablet PC -- all products that bring the best of the digital world to home and work.
Also we would like to show the world the true capability of the blind through this project.
And we at Shots are loathe to admit that we often scarf our lunches in front of the computer, which doesn't evoke much warmth or pleasure.
Also, we ask Allah Almighty to grant you patience and satisfaction with His decree, and to gather you with your baby in Paradise, amen.
And we’ve used the increase in taxable revenue, local employment and even training as reasons to justify our actions and our interests.
And one way we hope to help you through the moment is to invite you here to the White House for what's going to be a pretty special moment.
And just to let you know, you have our unconditional to support at every moment.
And that we need to be leading on for the betterment of not only both of our nations, but the world.
And we should not imagine that it is.But it is a very useful tool.
And we'll also talk about photon momentum as another example of light behaving up as a particle.
The formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded specimens with immunohistochemical staining for androgen receptor expression were surveyed.
And we might call it the White Chocolate House, although gingerbread is the structure inside that holds it up;
and we haven't been trying to hide the ball. I do think that, you know, we can't be complacent. . .
And we reiterate our request that they be released and allow to return to their families on a humanitarian basis.
and we are ready to punish every disobedience, once your obedience is complete.
Also, we should maybe keep in mind that fish was a well known mystical symbol among these early Christians.
And we celebrate with you 100 years of friendship, and Tsinghua's proud history as one of China's top academic institutions.
"And we had a surprising result from an experiment with one seal following another," he said.
And it's remarkable I think that they decided to let me stay there and probably they felt that it was a bit of a gamble.
And I thought I would give it a news spin by calling it daily.
And I think the self-esteem movement has made it more difficult for people to be happy.
And I deeply believe kindred, good-fellowship and love will perfection and happy in the future.
And by the same token, everything that I say will be recorded and translated and will be carried all over the Soviet Union.
And I don't have to be ashamed that I feel the way I do, for shame is part of the legacy of isolation.
And I hoped I may study the spirit which his assuredness as well as strives for success diligently.
And I believe if given a chance, the ordinary citizen will sacrifice for that vision every time.
And I believe that such mistake, if that is the case, will have created a second victim, the wrongly accused black student.
And I wanted to tell stories about all the amazing things I was seeing underwater, incredible wildlife and interesting behaviors.
and I would like to ask wether I can edit the formula by MathType or equation editor
And I will make every effort to see that after my departure you will always be able to remember these things.
And I will deliver thee and this city out of the hand of the king of Assyria: and I will defend this city.
And I myself will fight against you with an outstretched hand and with a strong arm, even in anger, and in fury, and in great wrath.
And it was not easy to recover from the humiliation of being mistaken for boy by my mother's friend over a Sunday dim sum lunch.
And I am adamantine also believe, pass us the hairdressing idea of distinctive vogue, perfect medical treatment equipment, and what study ceaselessly is masterly technology.
And I also have a little bit of a sort of smartass subtitle to this.
And we will be ready to punish every act of disobedience , once your obedience is complete .
And I shall make a good squad leader of the occupation, gives students a good learning environment.
And I experienced this firsthand when I was put on trial in 2005 for the words my fictional characters uttered in a novel.
And, I kept solving the problems right in front of me and kept on speaking.
I lifted up mine hand unto them also in the wilderness, that I would scatter them among the heathen , and
And yet -- no weapons, no matter how powerful, can help the West until it overcomes its loss of willpower.
And whatever the mechanism may be, the findings also raise the question of why the orangutans require so little energy.
And it's not that easy to transition from being an architect to a software engineer, or from an escrow officer to an airplane mechanic.
And there's no question that there are perils: the overthrow of the shah in Iran, of Saddam Hussein in Iraq, of Tito in Yugoslavia, all led to new oppression and bloodshed.
He took her to a place where they would see the bus go by on their lunch break.
And Mrs Clinton is still surrounded by the same fanatically loyal and combative staff that she had in the 1990s.
Your soonest reply will help us greatly for the ladder and cupboard maker is asking me for the actual size.
Some previously ambivalent ministers have been won over by advice from the security services.
Also on hand was Frank Spotniz, series writer, producer, and co-writer of the new, as yet untitled (or un-subtitled) sequel.
And now, I'm going to ask the Vice President to administer the oath of office for our nation's 22nd Secretary of Defense.
And with the number of people who have pets these days, it seems there would be a considerable demand for this type of service.
And now, today, we are starting to realize the potential of "programming" visually.
And right now, the ethical, let alone the legal, framework for dealing with any untoward consequences of their actions simply does not exist.
Compared with antiemetic prophylaxis, P6 acupoint stimulation seems to reduce the risk of nausea but not vomiting.
and the wedge-shaped connectors of the two adjacent protective plates are superposed correspondingly.
And enjoy the same fun, but in the comfort of your living room, without that annoying plastic hoop.
And imagine each breath coming in is peace, entering you and filling you up.
And, resembling international permanent investment , material object investment etc. is risk have no way to evade exchange rate.
and the leaders of such businesses are made of fresh and blood , like the rest of life .
assuring him he would be back. Heart pounding with fear for the injured motorcyclist, Jimmy raced to the nearest house.
And as I mentioned earlier, I got someone to do my accounting for me, because that would have been impossible otherwise.
And the business of selling information to consumers has always been a marginal one.
Moreover, psychological consciousness factor has a bigger effect while demographic factor has only weak explanatory power.
Alternatively, new words may also be defined in assembly code, since most Forth implementations include an assembler for the host processor.
An option to filter out all getter and setter methods has been added to the sequence diagram.
And, the prime minister reminded listeners, India's record of speaking out against apartheid in South Africa was an honourable one.
the non-exponential distributions and associative analysis between user states and system states need to be considered.
And needs to pay attention, namely uses opposite party name the first character to call, also must use a more official name.
Moreover, many of yesterday's jobs, from Spanish bricklayer to Wall Street trader, are not coming back.
And it says that the notion that it has a dominant market position in European markets is wrong, as the competition is just a click away.
And use relays to control external control circuit, when the humidity is too low when the sprinkler and alarm automatically.
Academic and industry and close contact with students in school can be in large companies during the internship opportunities.
Moreover, the research on this topic is in a tangle about the semantic and pragmatic.
While compression adds to the capacity of a cartridge, ultimately the end user or service provider have complete control over what data ends up on any given tape, providing a natural separation.
And Mr Yanukovych believes that taking Ukraine closer to Europe would earn him a place in history and redeem his past.
then a heuristic search algorithm is studied , and a simulation program is completed.
Besides, central bankers are more accustomed to trying to take away the punch bowl than mixing the drinks.
Yet he did not waver through unbelief regarding the promise of God, but was strengthened in his faith and gave glory to God,
And to educate the Filipinos, to civilize them, and make Christians of them.
Also, make sure outerwear is made of water resistant and tightly knit material.
Bear in mind that our Lord's patience means salvation, just as our dear brother Paul also wrote you with the wisdom that God gave him.
And the ransomed of the LORD shall return, and come to Zion with songs and everlasting joy upon their heads: they shall obtain joy and gladness, and sorrow and sighing shall flee away.
Moreover, the LORD your God will send the hornet among them until even the survivors who hide from you have perished.
And there is no evidence that Solutreans had the requisite boats to paddle across the North Atlantic.
Also provided is at least a second electric control for controlling the fluid temperature.
Also keep the big picture in mind: A generous benefits package, flexible scheduling options or tuition reimbursement opportunities may make up for a lower starting salary.
Also as you will ascend in your physical bodies Ascension is as told to you previously, a unique occurrence in your Universe.
It will also be necessary to free up radio spectrum now used for military and satellite communications.
And the effects of just one dose can last up to 10 days.
prepared to stand behind and if need be to subsidise the less solvent ones?
And, of course, don't forget to do load testing to determine your application's scalability -- before your customers do it for you.
And any kind of change in the administrative oversight could cause havoc with this network if it's not carefully done.
And a man went to New York and Los Angeles to hone creative skills of a small town girl.
And one of the single best opportunities to do just that happens to be where we would least expect it: on the playground during recess.
And a slice of the 1871 wedding cake of her daughter, Princess Louise, was recently auctioned off at an antiques fair for $215.
And of everything that he met he made enquiry if perchance they had seen his mother.
They're also webcasting the event, so if you find yourself with little to do this weekend, it might be worth checking out.
Still, a Burmese sex worker made a passionate intervention at the conference lamenting the stigma her profession carries.
And techniques from lightweight processes, such as automated unit testing, now infiltrate many, if not most, development shops.
in addition, by means of the existence of the displacement type encoder, the positioning precision of the whole operation is improved.
and hurling objects at horrific speeds straight up or straight to the side.
And thereafter be able to cooperate with the film star Zhang Han, this is one of my dreams.
And check it as infrequently as your job permits, hopefully once or twice a day.
He is known for his stage presence, muscular riffing style and often-imitated signature growl.
But so long as there is no adverse reaction, and the news is encouraging, a place in Kenny Dalglish's matchday plans is highly likely.
And the children in the probiotics group who did develop eczema had less severe symptoms overall.
And I will do in thee that which I have not done, and whereunto I will not do any more the like, because of all thine abominations.
And I will do in thee that which I have not done, and whereunto I will not do any more the like, because of all thine abominations .
And since no separate lube system is required, the cost savings are significant.
It is thought that the sea was inexhaustible for its infinity , freedom and prodigality.
And since the upcoming fall, students old enough to marry legally will not have to seek the permission of their universities to do so.
And because he had committed robbery on the open road, the good servant was sentenced to the gallows.
And as I told our people, Mr. President, I don't need the Olympics to talk candidly with somebody who I've got good relations with.
And because the mood is so bad right now, they're saying if we're going to apologize, we've got to say that we mean it.
And because India does not threaten the West, it has powerful friends both on its own merits and as a counterweight to China.
Also, because the attempt takes place in the middle of the summer and I loose a lot of salt, I become a kettle chip monster!
And the bank must do this for a large number of users simultaneously.
And the Communists do not actually want to topple the government and let the BJP in.
It should be combined with a second task, which is to say what the forecast effects of the expenditure cuts on the budget deficit are.
and care must be taken to duly close, bar and barricade their houses.
There should also be time to read the Writing Task material carefully and purposefully.
They own preferred shares in many banks, common equity in others and stand ready to inject capital in others still.
and sing them to sleep with sweet, plaintive voices, and then kiss them good night and kneel down by the bedside and weep.
Moreover, in the case of the inverse calculation, it was shown that the stable and efficient convergences were obtained.
And, according to the right-hand rule, they would be spinning, by our convention, anticlockwise.
And since the emotions communicated are direct and palpable even if the specifics are elusive, it also has something for people who don't follow this world of music closely.
Since the sensor designed is very light, it has no additional effect on the measurement system.
And with the difference in definition styles, as you might have guessed, you get advantages and disadvantages.
And, with its emphasis on disciplining thought and action to overcome base human desire, you could argue that no religion does redemption better than Buddhism.
The corrosion resistant panel is ideal for washdown applications as it has no gaps or joint seams.
And because each global variable has session scope, every session has its own private value that it can manipulate and use and no other session can access that value.
Also, now that you don't have a list of 'fans' quite a bit ostentatious elements that were previously part of having a page is gone.
Even importing frozen fries was complicated by the fact that such an exotic item did not appear on India's schedule of tariffs and quotas.
And it is easily extracted, because it is one of ah and ful of genes found outside the cell nucleus , in structures called mitochondria.
And as increasing amounts of work are project-based, you need to develop team cohesion and focus quickly despite rapid changes in the mix of the team.
And friendships can make you feel important and needed by giving you a chance to offer someone else comfort and companionship , too.
And 17 per cent reacted to at least one of the allergens in the skin prick test.
The authorities have a worrying record of tolerating thuggery by groups using Islamic orthodoxy as a pretext.
and his bride has made herself ready. 8 Fine linen, bright and clean, was given her to wear.
This result will be helpful for us to know the subgroup structure of corresponding classical groups over commutative rings.
He looks very like I once did, and sometimes, when he's being photographed, he sucks in his lip out of shyness, exactly as I used to do.
And the data really do support this: that you actually do get the virus evolving towards mildness.
And so, there is a little bit of deflection because plus repels plus.
any may, if and so far as is necessary, alter its memorandum by reducing the amount of its share capital and of its shares accordingly.
And a function similar to this could return successive values that depend (partly or wholly) on external events.
Moreover, compared with paraffin bandage dressing, it could improve wound healing efficiency and lower wound healing time.
And the trend of reorganization inclines to be in line with the iron and steel enterprise of international scope.
And contrary to expectations, the right was not the only victim of the low turnout.
and may be the covering Noah removed from the ark as the waters were receding.
It has allowed Vladimir Zhirinovsky, another nationalist, to run on the slogan "For the Russians" .
And with its perfect score in thee-Health category, Denmark proves that it is embracing new technology in its quest to improve its system.
and at Fcontent of 0. 7%, a large number of guns spar separate out.
Also, the Afghan culinary tradition is very tolerant in replacing meat in pilaf. You can change lamb in the meal with every kind of meat, except pork.
It also allows you to rephrase if necessary and put a positive spin on the request.
With persistent process of providing the specialized advisory service for the clients, Ms Wang also accumulates the profuse practice experience.
And when you persist objects, they can only be persisted in the same atomic transaction if they are in the same entity group.
And, in the excavated "the right of a home" and "Where the mouth" and so Miss Jane, its almost all under the "Zi" how much the record.
And with such jet -set company in attendance, the theme of the evening - 'From Monaco to Bollywood' - proved an inspired choice.
can dramatically reduce network fault range and influence and shorten network recovery time when wireless LAN security accidents occur.
and it has given a framework in which the economy has performed excellently.
And you cannot be more relaxed than by being in a hypnotic state!
She was thought by most to have won the most recent debate among Republican presidential candidates. She is also a strong fund-raiser.
Also, Make sure to allow a little bit longer on the bottom of the carving design in case it require some trimming when fitting doors.
A multi-sample model of causal relationships among the variables was also found for the two countries.
Also please visit your nearby Chinese medicine shop to find out FOR SALE Asiatic Lion (or may be under tiger camouflage! ) products.
The hollow part of the dripping hat being higher than the pipe opening of the input liquor is embedded with a medicine charging rubber plug.
And under the leadership of the journalist Asra Nomani and scholar Amina Wadud, mixed-gender prayers have taken place in West Virginia.
And, from psychiatry and psychology, we may even have made a start on the understanding of genius.
And in the beginning they were like, 'Yeah, your cholesterol may go up a little bit, you may gain 10 pounds, but that's it.
And in FIGURE 4 , I alternate the same three-note phrase an octave higher with a descending A harmonic minor scale.
And, in the United States, teats must be disinfected with iodine or other chemical disinfected disinfectant before milking.
And in the face of people surgery when the choice, to be careful, don't to covet a cheap and give your body unnecessary damage.
And in every sort of evil that deceives those who are perishing. They perish because they refused to love the truth and so be saved.
And at the very bottom of his heart Pierre had been aware then that salvation from that despair and from these doubts lay in his own hands.
and is helpful when trying to understand people, when trying to blend in , it is absolutely indispensable.
There was no link seen between darkness of plumage and darkness of testicles.
The greatest declines, up to 30%, are in the winter and spring, when the stratosphere is colder.
withal, they should enhance self-efficacy and mental endurance capabilities with a clear knowledge of their own roles.
And last fall, the U. S. Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services tightened its reimbursement policy for elderly cancer patients on ESAs.
And in an age of globalization, no country has been better able than China to swallow the innovations of others and leap ahead of them.
And, in any arbitrary crucible full of molten silver, half of them are going to be spin-up and half of them are going to be spin-down.
Each member of the family generally has his or her own personal rice bowl, chopsticks and teacup.
And during last week's raid by European investigators, one of the firms targeted was Teva, a generics pioneer.
And in the design as much as possible to achieve clean air, beautify the environment, regulating the physical and psychological purposes.
Moreover, during 2 years of follow-up, those with hyponatremia were approximately twice as likely to be hospitalized.
And, through all the twists and turns, the ochre beauty of Barcelona (as photographed by Javier Aguirresarobe) plays a major role.
And among all domestic animals cats boast a unique distinction: to the best of our knowledge, it was them who chose us.
And after her reaction when I ate her I felt like a sexual superstar, and commensurately horny;
And, at the same time, our hero miraculously appeared to save his damsel in distress.
Moreover he must enjoy a good reputation among the outsiders, lest people speak evil about him and he fall into the snare of the devil.
and, when I published my own ideas, I h*e never been accused of being a servile disciple, or of swearing in verba magistri.
And that's, it seems to me, what supporters of Proposition 8 are saying here.
The anti-interfere and flexibility of men machine interface are considered in the system design.
The effort have been made to continue to streamline and improve the circuit to meet the requirement of the atomic clock system.
And I can always successfully doze off when I am in writing lecture.
He burned sacrifices in the Valley of Ben Hinnom and sacrificed his sons in the fire, following the detestable ways of the nations the Lord had driven out before the Israelites.
Also, at usual times, the government may as well develop and use the farmers land in the form of land joint-stock cog. operative system.
And individuals with Alzheimer's who were less physically fit had quadruple the amount of brain shrinkage compared to normal older adults.
And in an area of life where there has been conflict, you'll find common territory that can be profitably explored.
And in some cases, not the entire body is burned and we'd expect to see burn marks all over the body in a traditional house fire scenario.
And in a cavern in Gran Sasso in Italy, the highest part of the Apennines, an experiment is looking at another oscillation, that between muon- and tau-neutrinos.
And, in a time of shrinking budgets, turf battles between the fusion centers and federal law enforcement are a certainty.
And at the exit, Angela Carter’s words, “We live in gothic times”, are emblazoned on the wall.
And it is from this extended sense of connection that the magnitude of changes, the rapidity of changes, can truly begin to take place.
And a plurality of reinforcing steel bars are welded between the short fins to enhance the integrity and stability of the fins.
And in these temperatures the oxidation of the two kinds of steel did not peel off the layer.
And for twenty-two years thereafter he served as the head of his stepmother's armies.
And the business card printing and membership card making, insertreleased, silk screen you can roll it up and reload.
Zhongguancun and the establishment of electronic counter as a display in Chaoyang, Haidian and a warehouse for distribution to facilitate.
And, assume the office taking the door of handgun form toward a of the small study east, also virtually occupied many communal spaces.
He was also able to produce a crucial witness to her character, Mr Clarkson, a tradesman in Great Russell Street;
He was also able to produce a crucial witness to her character, Mr Clarkson, a tradesman in Great Russell Street; she had previously worked for his family, and he was willing to do his best for her.
And "Illumination made its contribution by lighting up the stage and the auditorium equally. "
And the carcasses of this people shall be meat for the fowls of the heaven, and for the beasts of the earth; and none shall fray them away.
And he is not only the Italian fact; he is the European fact, the fact of the sixteenth century.
The poll also lacked specific details of each of the sites, as well as instructions on what criteria were to be used in forming an opinion.
And this tooling must function effectively in a hostile environment of high temperatures, dirt, chips and coolant.
Wine Cabinet's outer ripple-like surface spice up the very concept of wine cabinet, further.
And yet this device's size, weight and inability to make phone calls preclude it from replacing a smartphone.
And, linear approximation tells us, oh, we can do as if our function is just a linear function of x and y.
And it is merely the latest manifestation of a growing tendency for science to poke its nose into the God business.
It may also be the only viable means of achieving an acceptable level of fire safety in heritage buildings.
And this will certainly apply to any other firm that manages to build a similarly crucial and long-lasting digital monopoly.
And it is quite possible, indeed it is your birthright, to alter your timeline and the potentials of your life.
and it's a disaster such a catastrophe for you to see so damn much of my ass you ask for me?
people of the town, and it was his place by right. He had to precede the bishop, and even the princes of.
In addition, these HIV-positive pregnant women were as scary and whereabouts secret, do not want to be known to the outside world.
And these are often the places to meet other parents – travellers or locals – who can further enrich your experience of the place you are visiting.
And the lambs must be supervised so they do not prune too much.
And information in these formats can be treated as RDF statements, allowing RDF to be used to integrate data from many sources.
But these folks also improved on other executive control tasks that they had not practiced.
Those hash algorithms are essentially serialized, so the longer the length of the source file is, the longer the hash operation takes.
Moreover, the questions often elicit responses from students that might otherwise be reluctant to speak up.
And do these relative levels of mental ability remain the same as we grow up or do they vary according to the affluence of parental homes?
And that brings up another reason why the flightiness of contemporary feminism is a problem.
And that's why I will listen to you andwork with you to pursue reform that works for you.
And this is what should worry us most when we consider the economic impact of the Japanese disaster.
And, in the same year as the 40th anniversary of the Environmental Protection Agency and Earth Day, the planet also got a whole new style of life— man-made genetic code for microbes.
And the first version of this portrait was a gift for a member of the British Parliament who supported American independence.
And the disparities are growing. India seems certain to miss one of its key Millennium Development Goals: halving malnutrition by 2015.
and the tessellated bits of this substance are, as it were, similar in regard to position to a scale.
And this version does succeed in bringing all the remaining instances of criminality, not otherwise excusable , within the category of sickness.
The alleged blasphemy may neither be stated in the charges nor repeated in court, since that would in itself be an act of blasphemy.
And this need will never be satisfied, for nobody – no matter how sweet, handsome, beautiful, gentle, extravagant, and attentive – can ever love your ego the way it wants to be loved.
Strict rules could also hinder the development of new services that depend on being able to distinguish between different types of traffic.
Besides, this type of advantage is completely influenced by the number of children and has no relationship with children's gender.
But the insight gained from mystic communication with spirits of wise kings has also helped boost the profits of his five companies.
And you can also instigate a change, this week, which frees you from a repetitive cycle.
The overall mobile system should "move very aggressively to acquire more of those commercial transactions, " Rosenberg said.
And, as you can see by the photos, this style of golf course provides some of the most stunning views imaginable.
And like Americans of our day, Romans of the Republic considered their civic system to be a work of genius and utterly exceptional.
We prove that the Lagrangian dual bound is identical to the lower bound obtained by convex relaxation.
And, knowing that the essential could not apprehend all things unless enveloped by the world, He gave to man a body for a dwelling-place.
and how from infancy you have known the holy Scriptures, which are able to make you wise for salvation through faith in Christ Jesus.
And it's worth noting just how much that opposition has hardened over time, even as the plight of the unemployed has worsened.
And until recently, it has seemed quite obvious to me that brains in vats would have massively false beliefs.
And only a small amount of thefluoridded fluoridated toothpaste, the signs size of a green P pea, should be used.
And only when the observation coincides with the mathematical explanation of the time I was able to my job satisfaction.
And only when the productivity of China reaches that of the United States will the two countries' price structures converge.
And only then like this, the supermarket can the innate brand strategy and a manufacturer brand strategy better union.
Furthermore, they revealed that low neighbourhood-based social support was associated with an increased IHD incidence and mortality.
It is shown that the variation of gusty cueffieient with height can be fitted by negative exponential law.
Moreover, in mice at least, this approach shrinks cancers more effectively than other nanoparticle-based treatments.
And its assertiveness, particularly in maritime territorial disputes, has grown with its might.
And China would retaliate with tariffs of its own, hurting our exports to the country, which have recently been growing faster than those to anywhere else.
And the state, at least through provincial governments, continues to shovel cheap money at favoured companies.
And prominent Republicans ranging from Newt Gingrich to Sarah Palin have indeed pounced on the issue with glee.
More than 90 percent of Russian potatoes are grown on household plots and private farms, with average yields of 13 tonnes per hectare .
And special field , grade and birthplace aspect existence is all notable difference. 4.
moreover, the device will store the face and the fingerprint of the user to the database for consequent tracking and investigation.
And since some believe that the area is rich with oil and gas reserves, the claims from each side have become more insistent.
Owing to its advantages, ellipsometry and automatic ellipsometers can be used in many other fields and will gain good results.
And of course there is the for-profit model, which basically is: we provide a service or a product and you pay us because you like it or advertisers pay us or some subsidy method.
And The Suicide slides out of his skin and he climbs inside of the bed you're in and touches your face.
And he originally did not seek to invest equity in part thinking that banks would refuse the money for fear of looking weak.
And finally, because fighting poverty together is the only way to bring long lasting peace in this world.
And finally, if that's not enough, a foil beanie leaves most of the body, and even much of the head, completely unprotected.
and it is unnecessary to rehearse at length our sound reasons for dissatisfaction with the present crude state of bacterial classification.
and finally, tilt your head back. -For extension, ask him to tilt his head back. Note any limitations in range of motion.
And having just sentenced Miss Suu Kyi to another 18 months' house arrest on the most preposterous of charges, just as repressive.
And worst of all, they continue to perpetuate the fantasy that Israel will one day be flooded by the descendants of Palestinian refugees.
Not only that, I searched out every hint and tip there was on the web, and even participated in the Rhino software Beta feedback team.
And as a metabolic stressor, 2-DG is innocuous enough to be used in research on both animals and humans, Mark added.
And, while they're at it, tell them no peanut butter-and-jelly fingers all over the Kindle, as a little bonus for dad.
And for the record, emerging markets as a whole held up better than developed markets in last week's plunge.
And, as a further precaution, I placed my pants on the side of the bed where I knew I was going to flop.
Therefore , the intention of damage as one of part of tort action is consisted with that of the damage in the compensation of tort.
Also, as an alternative to commercial aftershave products, men can also formulate their own with specific ingredients or scents so that they can smell unique and have smooth, silky skin.
TAMPER RESISTANT; DO NOT USE IF IMPRINTED SEAL UNDER CAP IS BROKEN. KEEP OUT OF REACH OF CHILDREN. Store in a cool dry place.
And requested the card read: I will take you to the North Pole to see "Santa Claus" !
And . . . please bless our efforts, just as You blessed the loaves and fish.
And He makes me see the true light to expel darkness in my mind and my culture I grew up in.
and to see that the principles of justice and human dignity are upheld by all.
Meantime, the pressure gradient region, which producing the non-linear seepage flow, was calculated.
Make sure you are ready to handle a classroom full of children and their parents as well.
Also, allow all Baptist University staff to choose again whether or not to join the new system under non-coercive conditions.
Combine the zeal with domestic and international colleagues cooperate, making a contribution for the better development of our company.
And your passion for planning and booking banquet business, the company-feast, enjoying birthday, is an attractive diet world.
The author allege that high-class art spirit is "Tao" , it is not embody things but the whole sentiment with universe, society and life.
And to know the knowledge-surpassing love of Christ, that you may be filled unto all the fullness of God.
And to think, free agency has not even started yet. At least not until July 1, officially. But it is already on everyone's mind.
And cinnamon, and odours, and ointments, and frankincense, and wine, and oil, and fine flour, and wheat, and beasts, and sheep, and horses, and chariots, and slaves, and souls of men.
The result is an ornamented melody, expressing the special elegance of the art of bangdi performance and abounding in a mood of optimism.
and be good at freehand flowers and micro-mm width T completed the grasshopper is cleverly combined together.
And designed a voltage compensation circuit is not used to be able to resolve the output voltage adjustable from 0V questions begin.
Compared with traditional method, a new recursive procedure was designed to decrease the needed memory capacity.
There is also a quiz to test how much you know about the subject.
Die ultrasound and a professional production factories, timely and efficient for the production of plastics, welding die.
He claims the lack of pornographic material subjects him to a "poor standard of living" and "both sexual and sensory deprivation. "
and claim the right to travel without hindrance to tribal lands in Canada.
with a one-stop service of installation, test run, three guarantees, maintenance, remake and fitting supply.
The points are distributed evenly according to the surface shape, and located apart from the discontinuous areas.
and bread of the increase of the earth, and it shall be fat and plenteous: in that day shall thy cattle feed in large pastures.
He sacrificed his own son in the fire, practiced sorcery and divination, and consulted mediums and spiritists. He did much evil in the eyes of the Lord , provoking him to anger.
After that, this paper compares the performances of GWSP and MWCC algorithms on communicate congestion and query delay in NS-2.
There are several report views available to help visualize and detect performance issues from the data gathered.
and trying to create a facade that we think is more interseting than who we really are.
And tested as a picture book illustrator can express elements of the screen results.
And just tried to understand what the basic thermodynamics is that it would exhibit.
For the first time, the fuzzy theory was applied to follow the wrinkle of the blank according to BHF curve.
The thermodynamic process of the energy separation in the vortex tube was first described in an enthalpy-entropy diagram.
And reports say it has been used to advertise diamonds in at least twenty-nine languages.
Lab sessions are geared towards demonstrating proper data collection and analysis as well as writing clear and concise lab reports.
He said sensitive data on government computers had been targeted, along with defence, technology and engineering firms' designs.
tentatively set up with such technology was an automatic facility for sink-float measurement in a solid-liquid fluidized bed.
The influences of three longitudinal displacement differential functions upon the shear lag are also discussed.
The paper also discusses some geometric parameters which affects the vibrancy frequencies. The result can be used to design this system.
also, this paper confer the opportunity of Inner Mongolian power development, point out the challenge of Inner Mongolian power development.
At the same time, some similarity characteristics of the Radon data over different geological abnormalities have been shown.
at the same time, we have discussed a case of self-executing contract of construction project organization.
The influence of argon flow, are length, the inner diameter of hollow cathode on the voltage - ampere characteristics are discussed.
Relationships among strength parameters, peak stress difference and fractal dimensions of granularity were also discussed.
Moreover, the integrate affects of damper forces by displacement , speed, acceleration, coil current are discussed.
It's urgent to impose public health eduction and establish mechanism of synthesize prevention and cure with multi-sectors cooperation.
On the basis of that the concept connotation and extention of the land policy evaluation was defined.
Some opinions about fo und ing reasonable steam supplying control scheme of the paper machine are put forward with the practical experience.
then some means of obtaining gem grade high quality synthetic diamond crystal by controlling the catalyst are suggested.
And proposed some own develops the enterprise annuity service aspect in the insurance company the suggestion.
In addition, a criterion model for selecting grades was presented, judging from whether the grade being able to make profit or not.
The product information model that adopted B-Rep + CSG model in reverse engineering and its framework are put forward too.
Suggesting that an engineering firm might make better use of charity than Oxfam or Save the Children sounded like heresy once.
From this result, it is suggested to use comprehensive hot plasticity to evaluate hot plastic deformability of ductile iron.
In the condition of the same refractory brick performance, national brick should be chosen priory.
Details of UK geography, geology and meteorology departments are given, and online field trips and tours are available.
and to provide writers with time, in a setting congenial to their efforts, for the production of literary work.
Extract the internal force at both sides of the aperture girder at the load combination of normal use limiting state.
And also add some footer text, like a quick navigation bar, and the copyright information.
In drawing process draft should be set rationally to resolve winding, blocking and static electricity et al problems.
Drawing is done by pairs of rollers, each pair running successively faster than the preceding one.
And the properties of vertical crystallization area and of the lateral crystallization area are compared by SEM and RAMAN.
XRD and SEM are used to analyze hydration-hardening mechanism of the compound system.
It was that line height was the feasible parameter to detect and control print quality.
By game theory analyzing, this paper discusses the influence of buyer-seller's competitive advantage matching to relationship.
parametrical optimization is also put forward to ascertain the front board and the motional board's actual structure dimension.
Then, the paper will further discuss these factors which circumscribe the formation of images of"woman on the edge"from the aspects of traditional culture, women themselves and contemporary times.
Ester concentration of the final soy sauce product was ensured by adjusting salt concentration and prolonging fermentation period.
And with more careful configuration of the product structure, the manufacture process can be managed more accurately.
Then the system "s evolution trends were summed up through historical reviewing on the system of defective creation of company. "
By an illustration, a reasonable section is obtained and compared with original one. The optimal section is considered as ideal.
The usability of the system is validated by the system to manage the motor -cycle's product data.
By making a physical analysis of three samples, the coating structures: internal hole, external hole and chap structures have been revealed.
The conclusions were verified by means of abounding the aromatics of regenerating reagent.
Switching over-voltage has been obtained by simulating locomotive getting into and out of the neutral section.
And it has also been certified to Airworthiness of Civil Aviation Oil in CAAC, etc.
And through theoretical calculation and finite element calculation, obtained the impact factor of anchor's allowable pull-out load. 6.
The thickness of the ultra-intense turbulent current mass transfer field is controlled by the maze structure.
The feasibility of the technique was verified using an example of a structural response test with basement excitation.
I also wish to convey, through you, my cordial greetings and best wishes to the great American people.
Pass energy of human body oneself to be able to release heat energy continuously, anion, deepness fuel factor arises outside Yuan Gong.
The adsorption mechanism of the modified activated carbon was also described through scan electron microscopy.
And the chiral recognition mechanism for amlodipine was discussed by the chromatographic retention and thermodynamic parameters.
Finally factual data are used to validate the validity and the rationality of the designed result.
It concludes that the result of fuzzy recognition and cluster is the same as the result of expert estimate through analyses of an example.
Examples are used for introducing the method for establishing the parametric parts library.
When cotton stalk and bed material are well mixed, the minimum fluidizing velocity can be achieved by experiment.
Finally, it was proved that the activity of extract built with other antioxidant was better than any single antioxidant through experiment.
Ca- propionate was used as antiseptic agent to restrain growth of bacteria and mold.
The heat point distribution and temperature field distribution of the system was studied by steady state thermal simulation.
Also we work out the problems of machine system styles of bilingual display by Chinese and Uighur by means of corresponding technologies.
Stringent capital controls keep most Chinese currency in the country, leaving investors very few places to put their money.
The result of the above method was compared with that of UV Vis spectrum method for some examples.
The satisfying results were obtained after testing the encoder on the hardware system.
Compared with the newsboy model, we discuss the role of nested-option in perishable products supply chain risk management.
We also make a compare with Shanxi folklore furniture and the Palace furniture, illustrating the style feature of S. A. folklore furniture.
Then, the applicability of the model is proved by applying it to analyze two typical coal mine accident cases.
An investigation on the imperfect state is made by using positron annihilation technique.
It had a great influence on the advocacy of non-being (wu) in the Xuanxue hermeneutical school in the Wei and Jin dynasties.
Expertise bordered by gold, silver flash longitude and latitude, and then cast a layer of Shui Jingjiao for protective layer.
Through the establishment of CAANM, the feasibility of the autonomic network architecture was verified.
And also typical wild soybeans were inferred to have had introgression from cultivated soybeans.
The relationship between the adjustable frequency range of the ultrasonic generator and the wear ratio of the tool is deduced.
The Love Letter Technique is recommended for expressing negative feelings to your partner, as a way of finding greater love and forgiveness.
and drag the behavior execution specification's handles to resize it until there is no nested message.
Interconnection is a pretty technical issue but what's needed is straightforward to understand.
and begin the long, hard work of lifting our economy out of this crisis.
And he wrote for the Wall Street Journal opinion page for twenty years, until nineteen ninety-five.
The transmission line also can be a theoretical supporting of developing sub wavelength devices basing on enhanced transmission.
And to a bullet in her head, he took his bullet back to the Republic of Korea, met his biological mother.
And it searched after for an up-to-date developing mentality and research visual angle for study of the nationality culture.
and had a picture painted which was dedicated to the memory of 'the most valiant soldier and most notable leader, Signor Giovanni Haukodue.
For kings, and for all that are in high station: that we may lead a quiet and a peaceable life in all piety and chastity.
Meanwhile, we are able to provide dedicated technical support and related services for heavy antisepsis coating and so on.
Three clay with media marketing, built around between firm and customer high quality user experience has been diligently unremitting.
Unaware of the fact that he resides the Orochi power in his body, Chris likes to fight for fun, not for the violence thingy.
Married women who don't work outside the home are solidly Republican - a "turnout group. "
He did not seek medical attention, the pain did not recur, and there were no cardiological or neurological sequels.
There is no answer: Everyone at the rally acknowledges it is an uphill battle.
Not a shred of evidence exists in favor of the idea that life is serious .
And there was no deliverer, because it was far from Zidon, and they had no business with any man; and it was in the valley that lieth by Bethrehob.
They all kept silence and burdened their luggage stepping upstairs without any murmur.
There is no evidence that it was immunization which helped humanity fight some of the infectious diseases.
And that individuals can use the entire capacity of the times out loud yawn throughout the abyss of time: one along the 13 century.
And I hope to know the objects and methods of archaeology research more clearly through this kind of consideration.
And hope it have benefits to explore the protection means of manual skills of Intangible Cultural Heritage.
When a modifier key is pressed in combination with other keys, or with mouse clicks, your application can respond appropriately.
And hope that this work can play arrive at fine push role to my yard "campus culture " construction.
We also explain the particular working content in the hospice care ward systematically a. . .
The results show that microwave technology is a method with simplicity, safety, rapidity and high yield.
And a detailed analysis of the spectral domain Green's function transformed into the spatial Green's function is obtained.
And detailed analysis, the main within the system, information, incentive and restrictive mechanism.
and analyzes carefully the relationship curve of flue gas quantity and bypass baffle opening.
And give details of development of the theory and experiment about the near-field optical tweezers.
And a variety of detailed manifestations of these ethical dilemmas are also presented.
and attempted to ascertain the number of beige rain-coats versus black raincoats being sold.
Im trying to Apply as well . . . And stay in the US . . . I think they might need as much help as they can.
and nodding contentedly he looked at the empty loom, for he did not like to say that he saw nothing.
The company has also newly imported large-scale digitally controlled cutting machines, and squeezing and pressing equipment.
And a somewhat looser formation with a "little friend" , as the American bomber crews called their fighter escorts.
And revised the doctrine of religious rules: against the Roman Church on national ecclesiastical control;
The trajectory tracking control of the linearized system is studied by choosing the active degrees as the system outputs.
The interrelation of habitat factors of white headed langur has also been stud.
Subgroups with serious head or neck, chest, abdominal, and additional extremity injury were investigated.
In addition, the law of water enrichment, the regime and exploitive technical conditions of the karst water are also studied in the paper.
RESULTS Lien of different dosage inhibited the contraction of aortic strips induced by KCl, NE and Hist, which was similar to verapamil (Ver).
In such an inducing system, I also studied the effect of different culture mediums, various sugar percentage and hormone on inducement.
Moreover, a long-term grape preservative and a solid reagent, which can generate stable chloride dioxide, were developed.
The capability of the CFD approach to the prediction of viscous flow of submarine is validated.
It said it would support such a package only if it were agreed between Serbia and Kosovo's Albanians.
He is to lay his hand on the head of his offering and slaughter it in front of the Tent of Meeting.
Rather, pull out some stalks for her from the bundles and leave them for her to pick up, and don't rebuke her.
My anger will be aroused, and I will kill you with the sword; your wives will become widows and your children fatherless.
On the staff of Levi write Aaron's name, for there must be one staff for the head of each ancestral tribe.
And must be able to preserve a dynamic information, guarantees the information the uniformity.
And request them to evacuate from the fire control exit for their safety and do not use lift to come back room for any goods.
Ask stockjobber , negotiable securities invests advisory organization to promote a service the standard in the round.
And deliver them who through fear of death were all their lifetime subject to bondage.
Ruben, the host, made all the arrangements and requested his wife to prepare dinner and make Bernard feel at home.
And be kind to one another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, just as God in Christ forgave you. (Ephesians 4: 32, NKJV)
Dr. Curlin noted, and may be hesitant to assert their own opinions for fear that they might commit some kind of ethical transgression.
And depend on the idiosyncrasy and demand , lead and help to set up performance technology and style.
It also calculated the vertical gust loads according to the airworthiness requirements of civil airplane.
Through these results, we analyze the cryptographic security of random permutation, present a new explication on the significance of choosing quick trickle permutation in cipher designs.
regarded testing the agent server as the focal point, tested content and compared the relatively argumentation in using a grade of firewall;
Chengdu metro is as the case of solving the optimization problem by MATLAB.
They propagandized their idea in the prologues and fulfilled it when they were writing, which led to a more definite tenet.
The method is used in the prediction of the gear attrition, and has obtained a satisfactory result.
Adjust optical route following the adjust craft and fabricate grating. Through measurement it achieves the target of the item.
A stereo vision system based on this binocular device is built and calibrated.
The implementation of the system of the Dala chieftain is also typically discussed.
Moreover, the study on codope method and secondary dope method have been carried on at the base of it.
On this foundation, countermeasures and suggestions arc put forward on superhighway incorporated company current assets finance management.
And the Software-Bus architecture was used in the design and implementation of the hydroelectric simulation system.
Furthermore, the writer takes the conclusion as a foundation to make a suggestion for the shareholders derivative suit judicial application.
It then had the calorific value of this baseline diet cut, in three monthly tranches, until it had been reduced by a total of 30%.
The wind power generation and the capacity factor in this area are investigated with the selected wind turbine.
Then we use the university property to be a sample study, in which MTS is used to screening and optimizing the indicator system.
A case study of the high-speed chain-stitch sewing machine is used to illustrate the method.
Meanwhile, I analyze how to attract fund from Hong Kong to invest highroad of Guangdong.
It takes the Mazu belief and the midsummer moratorium system as examples to reveal their implicit sociological essence.
This paper analyses time-space distribution character of yellow sea surface topography of East China Sea as a specified instance.
It also try to piont out the power of realism in contemporary Chinese art by the analysis on the style and theme of Feng Fasi'paintings.
At the last, this method was applied to a concrete zoning practice about geological hazard susceptibility.
I detail the application of the modular conformity by taking the form design of the coffeepot as an example.
And with "customer is our target, the customer's satisfaction is our pursuit of" work creed.
The effective- ness of the procedure is demonstrated through an ex- ample involving a case with a drawer and two doors.
An actual air enterprise is taken as an example to set up the fuzzy evaluation model, and its safety rating is obtained.
Employed the low melt point B-Si glass as the matrix, doped the luminescence materials, and prepared the long afterglow luminescence glass.
And they rose up before Moses, with certain of the children of Israel, two hundred and fifty princes of the assembly, famous in the congregation, men of renown
And the lift sensor output signal was as a standard to compare the performance differences of rigid disc and flexible disc.
Using experiments on network traffic analysis, the feasibility of updating normal profile for anomaly detection system is validated.
It builds the ideal constructive graph of personalized information service system through the toolbox model of system.
One of criteria for coker drum invalidation is whether the loin-drum deformation has exceeded the critical value.
And by "a game, " we mean there was only one title, called Mogul Maniac, that worked with the peripheral.
And by first-class design, consummate skill, good after-sale service, and awaiting your arrival.
Calculation and analysis of a type of cone-shaped nozzle were done by this model. The result proved was instructive in actual application.
A two-dimensional fuzzy controller using displacement as feedback variable is developed to control the cutting chatter.
The analyzing result of a piled slab-beam wharf in Zhejiang province verified the practicality of this method.
Finally, it analyzed the remarkable characteristic and feasibility of the method by making the key cultural relic map of Wuhan University.
We also holding the immutable quality guideline, "quality and efficiency are our first job, we are only proud of customers' satisfaction. "
And in Zhuzhou City as examples of the export tax rebate policy on the regional impact of the export trade and industrial structure.
It also indicates different economic development in Asia at different time by diamond chart, hexagon chart and the eight diagrams.
A list of 'do's' and 'don'ts' for kindergartens has been issued for reference by kindergartens in planning their curriculum.
It has drafted a law that would ban public nudity, subjecting offenders to a $160 fine.
And that has excitement rising over the potential return of carmakers absent this year, reports the Detroit News.
She was treated for elevated intracranial pressure, but deteriorated and developed an enlarged right pupil and a decreased level of arousal.
and a great deal of trouble is brought into textbook desing due to the misuse of the two terms by the curriculum standards.
Nano-scale silica is used to be added to formulation of material improving mechanical strength greatly, especially tear strength of SIR.
The different phases of tobacco lifecycle are judged by using multi-objective classification method of fuzzy nearness degree.
The appellant shall also be informed of any rights of further appeal .
The improved algorithm has been used to analyze and fit the experimental variogram, and better results have been gained.
What's more, it puts all that into practice by integrating and receives preferable application effect.
And for the use of the user, we have developed the sententious and convenient menu, and provided the good interface of person and machine.
The energy criteria have been applied to analyzing the failure condition of surrounding rock masses of a circular tunnel in practice.
And has arisen at the historic moment the very many culture investment company, the cultural broker company.
The contractor shall be familiar with all governmental regulations relative to the use and application of the coating materials.
And a time limit of not less than one month shall be set for the creditors to file opposition.
And create a tastiest aerobic space, body, mind and spirit in a quiet and meditation to be the most thorough release.
And with its advanced backside illumination sensor, it captures beautiful images even in low-light settings.
And a professional product application engineers to help customers resolve technical and production on the various issues.
But he never abandoned her beneath the great white turbines, where the wind was ground to pieces, where birds fell from the sky.
At last, uses SWOT-PEST matrix analysis table to describe synthetically for the CHX's internal and external development environment.
The obtained silver nanoparticles were characterized by means of powder X-ray diffraction (XRD) and scanning electron microscope (SEM).
NH3 did not influence the dye fixation or crosslinking effects, but considerably decreased the prodn. cost.
Using this method a human palm ultra weak luminescence photon image is processed.
With electron beam and either drying methods hybrid, might have complemented each other, the weakening of the defect as far as possible.
Luminous efficacy, quantum efficiency and energy efficiency were brought forward to evaluate phosphor's performance.
A numerical simulation is used to test the feasibility and practicality of this design.
And conducts the adsorption performance study with this pottery mine to the Huangzhong County Gansu sandbank industrial waste.
Magnetic resonance imaging was used to measure the size of different areas within the brains of the subjects.
The structure of sucralose was also identified by the methods of IR, MS, NMR and elemental analysis.
Extraction into circulation, flat-bottomed flask together with the extraction cycle will be shifted ventilation Chuli, flask on the heater.
Temperature distribution in plastic deformation was measured used thermocouple and thermal infrared imager.
The bulk second-order nonlinear optical susceptibility of waveguide films is created by corona-onset poling at elevated temperature.
And a mitre of fine linen, and goodly bonnets of fine linen, and linen breeches of fine twined linen,
Swinging his bat back and forth, giving it all the power an elementary school kid could muster.
Cover the fish with a clean piece of white cloth and let them dry.
Furthermore, procyanidins low polymer and procyanidins high polymer were separated by organic reagent extraction.
The situation of crack growth for a real component , rubber pad used in turck, during fatigue testing were explained.
This unified value is compared with a threshold to determine whether the session is abnormal. Finally test results are reported.
These are kiln dried and then tinted for the same reason women put rouge on their faces.
The absorptivity is 86%~89%. The proper process and the suitable recipe were determined by vertical cross experiment and simplex method.
The similarity is up to 0. 9 by Computer Aided Similarity Evaluation software, satisfying the requests of fingerprint.
Thus having far-reaching effects on the Jin and Yuan period as well as the afterward production of the Tri-color.
And analyzed and explored "the cruel fairy tale" nature of the expression of visual advertising.
A very easy measurement of the kingpin caster angle is been put forward.
From those, we also obtain the distributing of field, dispersive function, and coupling impedance of rectangle grating structure.
The diocese should also invite relevant people, e. G. The HK Catholic Biblical Institute, to provide guidance for the reading of Acts.
And with most products appearing not to have been designed for indoor use, this is actually a vertical gas chamber.
And one furthermore has the impulse to generalize, as much as possible, in defining who that enemy is.
And a staff of each item on the check, in case any omission or conceal the phenomenon.
We exactly combine the user "s short-term and long-term interests, trying to accurately reflect the use" s present interest.
You will have plenty of goats' milk to feed you and your family and to nourish your servant girls.
The ornamental methods of these plants applied on the residential space, office space and store space were also suggested. 4.
for a woman in her monthly period, for a man or a woman with a discharge, and for a man who lies with a woman who is ceremonially unclean.
I had many part-time jobs like leaflets distributing, promoting, social surveys and broadcaster.
Discussion and relaying should be completed within a month of receiving this telegram.
And was thinking of even filing a cease &amp; desist order against you.
The results of a six channel multiplexing experiment using a single laser diode are presented.
And major coal mine in Inner Mongolia Baotou Steel and signed a year contract to provide trains and motor transport.
And bottom, to maintain a certain distance from the wall to prevent the inhalation of silt and other impurities and air.
And a number of companies, a middle-technical cooperation and exchanges, keep up with the pace of modernization.
and discover the true potential of Scrum alongside those brave souls who are daring to venture out of the traditional patterns of work. . .
and with every living thing with you, all birds and cattle and every beast of the earth which comes out of the ark with you.
The CCCMS was compared with the ordinary mixer-settlers in stage efficiency of extraction, solvent entrainment loss and economic effects.
The properties of liquid alkoxide hydrolysis were compared with that of solid alkoxide hydrolysis.
29He talked and debated with the Grecian Jews, but they tried to kill him.
Rifampin was administrated orally to control group and the effects were compared between the two groups.
Through the comparison with current experimental and theoretical values, the optimum solution for the system was determined.
And for more information about CSS sprites, be sure to read Dave Shea's article, titled CSS Sprites: Image Slicing's Kiss of Death.
It is predicted that the main areas for petroleum prospecting in Jiyang depression could be at Zhanhua sag and beach area.
Developing direction of determination of bile acid in Fel Ursi was also discussed in this paper.
and moreover export to Europe, Oceania, Africa, Middle East and Southeast Asia, let along other countries and regions.
Singapore. Taiwan. HongKong as wel as the southeast Asia various countries. deeply for further is enhanced the customer favour.
Grace be with all them that love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity. Amen.
Combine the wish cooperates with the colleague out of the world sincerity, holding hands to create glorious tomorrow together! ! !
The ion transference number and the selective permeability have been estimate by testing membrane potential method.
And this strategy has been used in Class 0604 and Class 0618 in Guigang Jiangnan Middle School for a semester experimental research.
General FEM package ANSYS is used for describing the behavior of brick masonry under in-plane load.
Using Huygens mapping method to explain the phenomenon of negative refraction when electromagnetic waves through the left-handed materials.
And the aluminium base working graph was applied to eliminate the disturbance of the base and increase the analytic accuracy.
Furthermore, it studies the stable situation of the shunt influence with Markov analysis as well.
Moreover in terms of the fuzzy mathematics principle, we gave a fuzzy synthetic evaluation to the single well engineering project, a. . .
The vacuum degas character and degas composition are analyzed, by quadrupole mass spectrometer.
Comparability measurement and imagery correlation label techniques were combined to expand and label the system database.
Besides, the stability of the equilibrium points with no time delay is researched by using the theorem of center manifold.
and again, he's chosen to be a carpenter's apprentice, and rarely discusses his lineage with anyone.
And again, our apologies to any of you who were inconvenienced this morning, and to site owners whose pages were incorrectly labelled.
and got his start in politics in 1991 as an intern for Glen Browder, a former Democratic congressman from Alabama.
The enhancing effect of CKLF1 on the colony formation of human hematopoietic progenitor cells was identified in semi-solid culture.
In Beijing, Zhuhai, Hangzhou, and Macau we operate through liaison offices and associates.
And at the back, are a new set of taillights, new rear bumper and a larger font Volvo name spelled out on the trunk door.
And in this chapter points the last part of the metric space the completeness, all the boundedness and compactness.
and on this basis it will produce the best program of flax assorting.
And on this foundation, it has analysed the meaning and characteristic of its mainness, openness, course, explore and problem.
and on this basis, the analysis of longitudinal bars and diaphragm on the impact of the local instability.
On this basis, the shear capacity calculation formula of the yield hinge regions of the shear wall is put forward.
The disertation build new project management maturity cobweb model according to the improvement above.
And on this basis, a detecting system united by the wavelet ideas and chaotic oscillator detection method is proposed.
Also on this foundation, the specific mechanisms of the influence of marital commitment on marital satisfaction are investigated further.
And on this basis, carried out the Ecological Risk Assessment. of chlorpyrifos on silkworm.
Then consider the infection of the seepage to the stress of well-week, analysis the stability of gas hydrate formation.
We design and implement diagnostic system for rough set theory spleen deficiency syndrome differentiation.
Further, by means of the state equation and observation, a method to compensate the delay is proposed here.
On the basic platform, Multitask application program had been researched out for the wireless orientation system.
And herein declared that, the consignee has the right to appoint a new or other consignee in the period of the instrument.
After the application feasibility analysis, BASS model is applied to forecast the demand of short life cycle products.
Simultaneously, the closed relations among idiom, language, and culture will be analyzed further more.
After graduation, because remembering his mother, the Son returned home across the Pacific.
A particular emphasis is placed on the development, utilisation and protection of water in Africa and other developing regions.
And during South Korea's previous night now, around 3: 45 am in Seoul and surrounding cities, there was air raid alarm.
set out some ways to put the governance of the euro on a proper footing.
It also approach theoretically to change the conical valve gag into globe valves gag to raise the stability of the seal plate.
Make note of all the year's major events (birthdays, anniversaries, etc. ) that are important to your beloved Aries.
The feasibility of emotional design for the kitchen appliance is discussed at the end of the thesis.
Meanwhile the company set up many bedding, curtain and timbering shopping malls in emporium of Johannesburg.
and a data structure brokering object with the doubly linked list is created in a memory.
And within its interior, the BMW Concept CS combines stylish luxury with the most uncompromising ambience full of class and value.
Against the background of humanity and modernity, Ding Ling's female self and her reflections about the philosophy of existence.
And when the design is completed, an experiment is conducted to the no-tillage mulch planter.
During the in-vein preparotory working, research was made of the rapid excavation technology and ventilation at in-vein preparatory work.
Measured in the experiment after the end of the colon length, tissue injury score (HS), myeloperoxidase (MPO) activity.
After thorough lab study, this polymer grain has been used in field and achieved good economic benefit.
Based on the lab and construction site data, finally indicates the gradation design principles for foamed asphalt reclaimed technics.
And naughty while, actually, and Shack cracked a murder case, has become the admiration of the little hero.
and Wisconsin Westminster Palace, the upper and lower members of both Houses to the British Parliament speech.
The negative sense of pleasure increases in a vicious cycle and becomes a quality of bad study psyche.
Incorporate lessons learned into the next project and grow the architecture and service base over time.
and approximated the opinions of enlightened minds upon the question of constitutional power.
According to the test result from a small sized grid setting, the gird service was proved to be feasible.
On the basis of sample experiment and practice, the principle of removing impurities was investigated, for the purpose of improving capillarity.
And so I thought that this was sort of the end of the story.
and set up the solid net of contemporary theatrical arts in the mixture and fusion of artistic practice.
A control circuit which controls the access to defective cells is inserted at the output of the address decoder.
Cut a suitably sized hole at the point of the cone to let the liquid chocolate flow out .
he kept, outside town, an elegant farmhouse set in lush fields which he had never lifted a finger to cultivate himself.
Dacheng International group has formally registered to represent in Peking, and begin to plow funds into Mainland.
Looking at the last international cruise Xiamen City, Xiamen cruise to the feasibility of building a strong basis for the enrichment.
And increases the peritonsillar tissue to thrust out east the island acceptor's sensitivity.
We should develop containerization of refrigerated transportation as far as possible, and developing intermodal transportation will be the only right choice to develop cold chain of our country.
Focused on CMC, xanthan gum, sodium alginate, agar, single stabilizers in Hazel double protein in milk beverage of research.
It emphasizes the main modules including laser drawing machine, software and grating image processor.
And for the elaboration of different users of the sub-allocation of the IP address programming.
In allusion to the character of publishing house, the press core competence and its composing factors are put forward.
Besides, researches and designs of the electrode and the battery were proposed for the high discharge current lithium ion battery.
Then the controller is designed for the faulty system to recover the system performance.
And put forward the prevention measure to the influence of the see sand upon the concrete structure durability.
And carried out a explore inhibitors studied for the quartz and limonite anti-selective flotation separation problem of the poor.
Finally, appropriate measures are proposed to redress problems of generating electricity from straws in Yancheng.
Then, it puts forward to weighted average PE method for "You Kong" damages arising from false statements.
And aimed in the risk guard, the melt measure has carried on the desk study, proposed the consummation risk management games.
And solemnly promise, signed with the customer on the spot, no more charge! Shanghai Office: Contact: Mr.
And to know this love that surpasses knowledge--that you may be filled to the measure of all the fullness of God.
Our work began on the assumption that the temperature plateau of ALADIN caloric curve was resulted from the compression excitation energy.
The low mature crude oil may be the result of the algal substance generating into hydrocarbon at the early period of diagenesis.
It also presents the effects, advantages and disadvantages of every method, and offers a prospect for the technique application.
and pointed out the inadequacy of the study, residents of Changsha Taiwan Tourism motivation to do further study Prospect.
The conclusion is drawn that only when the measuring errors are very small the practical reciprocity between dimensional chains can be true.
It also points out that the availability of statistical data and reasonableness of estimate method should be taken account of.
And pointed out that: This system, unique for the Gaochang until the yeast's kingdom, is still to some extent inherited.
S. retailing giant has been cited for 21 cases of selling expired or substandard food, as well as false advertising in Chongqing.
Element and specify the name and assembly of the class that extends the proxy class generation process to the Machine. Config file.
A complete set of working craft method is laid down. It is suited to special condition of coal roadway construction.
Used as metaphor, the juxtaposed terms connote specific or essential traits of the being they refer to, introducing a mode of poetry as an almost habitual form of expression.
Devoted to popularizing the best massage physiotherapy of the world to everybody, enable everybody to realize the best massage fun.
The thesis also introduces the terms, concepts, characteristics, principles, procedure, tools and techniques of formative assessment.
The significance and necessity of unprecious metal catalyst and friendly solid superacid catalyst were illustrated emphatically.
The influence of the radius of workpiece and eccentricity on the rotate speed of the workpiece is discussed.
Convection, radiation and skin evaporation are emphasized between the human body with clothing and environment.
And bless her heart, to this day, she swears it tasted good despite the fact that I know my Alfredo sauce tasted like schoolhouse paste.
and congratulate you for contributing to the analysis and flow of vital political information.
And the company is preparing to open its own stores, like its competer competitor Apple.
They used wood and made a wooden raft, then turned the boat to go.
and bragged that he would capture the world heavyweight crown from mob-controlled fighter Sonny Liston.
and a self-introduction is normally sufficient to gain acceptance into a group and to join in a conversation.
and a complete construction quality acceptance process is set up as a supplement to the existing specification.
Many new ways and techniques for groundwater resources evaluation and protection have been summarized.
And visits some our factory user, everybody to our factory trolley france quality, the use effect, controls.
If you have children of your own, you know there is no such thing as an innocent child!
Yet despite the excuse of bad weather and the flakiness of the figure, it still came as a palpable shock.
It is the long-term trend to discard the traditional measurement model and seek for a scientific basis of asset measurement.
Getting into the True Part by Abandoning the Showy Style --On the Trends and Deficiencies of Urban Landscape Planning and Design
It is the only feasible strategy to discard the old increase pattern and continue with Chinese economic increase through innovation.
Discard Fine Ideals, Show Real Life--Proximate Analysis of the Connotation in Zhang Ai-Ling's Novels
Unprofitable plants, contracts and other liabilities that the company can no longer afford will be left behind.
For the inheritance of lesion-number, the dominant genes are mostly negative, and for lesion-size, the dominant genes are positive.
Sickness newspaper spot many middle the skin pitfall face body, pons, cerebellum stem, skull circle suddenly.
CIN is thought to be an early event during tumorigenesis and might therefore be involved in tumor initiation.
Lesions often from the lower extremities toe, the foot gradually to the legs and small development.
Lesion lengths are from top to bottom CT, intraoperative specimen, X-ray barium meal and formalin-fixed specimen.
Pathologic evaluation of the lesions demonstrates necrosis (due to severe edema) in the thalami, tegmentum, and dentate nuclei.
Progression of the disease continues even after cessation of the toxin for up to 6 months.
The number of the lesions varies from a few to several thousand, affecting oral mucous membranes (in 70% of cases), genitalia (30%), and conjunctivae (eyelid) (20%), as well as the cornea (eyeball).
The lesions were usually limited and had cystic degeneration, showing no obvious enhancement after contrast injection.
The lesion is exophytic towards the third ventricle and encases bilateral carotid arteries, although, flow voids are intact.
Lesions that arise outside of and encroach on the orbit and visual pathways are included.
The "Diseased City" is a virtue one, a city of feeling for the artist to reflect on the collective unconsciousness.
In DM3, in addition to partial cells of inner nuclear layer and ganglion cell layer, VEGF-positive reaction was seen in the retinal vessels.
eg. Pest control is one of the major areas of concern in intensive agriculture.
Pests and diseases are a major problem: as much as 4 million tonnes are lost annually to Colorado beetle, late blight and viruses.
On hospital bed, Her tearful eyes dance gazed at him, Therefore they are married.
The extent of damage to viral RNA depends on the viral dose received by the cell itself and on the sequence of the structure per se.
When the virus hit, he handed over the samples to one of the scientists trying to stop the virus.
virus defense program should check the DOS boot sector is infected with a virus, or use pre-built verification code will be checked.
Routine genetic sequencing of the virus showed it looked like no other sample of AIDS virus and it was eventually compared to a gorilla simian immunodeficiency virus, itself only discovered in 2006.
"Influenza virus mutates remarkably rapidly so there is no doubt that the virus will mutate and evolve in humans, " said Holmes.
This is an inescapable reality we just have to live with, like earthquakes and tsunamis.
The outermost shell, important in eliciting the host's immune response, has been a focus of attention in vaccine development.
The virus could not agglutinate 1% of the chicken erythrocytes and interfered with the development of the hemagglutinins by the B-1 strain of Newcastle disease virus in the chicken embryos.
an attack may follow a fever , sunburn , skin abrasions or emotional upset.
Viruses are sensitive to seasonal temperature change, and this one, like the 1918 influenza, may reappear more robustly in the fall.
Virus replication can persist in such patients for prolonged periods of time despite antiviral treatment, creating an environment in which drug-resistant viruses can readily be selected.
The virus infection may arouse the pancreas islet inflammation , and causes insulin to secrete defect and comes into being the diabetes .
After allowing the virus to infect the eggs, the team fertilized them with normal cat sperm and injected them into the fallopian tubes of 22 female cats.
The virus takes specific enzymes, structures and pieces of membrane that the cell uses and turns them to its own purposes.
viral hooks - sharing, gifting, daily raffle, inviting friends, like etc. . .
It could still hitchhike back in the illegal trade in chicks, fighting cocks or tropical pets, or in migrating birds.
Viruses and various polymer materials have been used in efforts to insert therapeutic genes into diseased cells.
The virus will reproduce itself to infect other documents and may damage the overall functioning of your computer.
The virus’ genome has eight segments, each of which it copies and assembles into new viruses.
It will exploit weaknesses and failures in hygiene practices, be they down to lack of knowledge, to sloppiness, or even downright indifference to the risk.
As the infection begins to takes root, innocent passengers suddenly transform into terrifying, bloodthirsty killers.
The transmission route is likely through contamination of pasture or feed by infected birthing fluids or fetal tissues from bats.
The idea that influenza may hide out in ice has struck a chord among some experts.
Viruses can be transmitted as attachments to an e-mail note or in a downloaded file, or be present on a diskette or CD.
The threat signatures are obsolete. Your computer is at risk. You are advised to update the signatures immediately.
Virus, a Trojan horse rogue procedures, advertising method or procedure to remove special software killing.
The virus is currently spreading westwards along the flyways of wild birds and it has arrived at the front door of European countries.
Viral ambush period, majority of the person body which infects is been all well, looks like the health.
Virus infection has been a main factor which causes the degradation and affects the yield and quality of potatoes seriously.
During viral invasion, the body often over reacts with an excessive defensive response, called a cytokine storm.
Ribavirin displayed direct inhibition on RSV, but Scutcllaria Baicalensis Georgi did not show direct inhibition on RSV.
Ribavirin was significantly inferior to interferon regarding virological and biochemical response (four trials).
The virus writes the rules and this one, like all influenza viruses, can change the rules, without rhyme or reason, at any time.
Characterization of viruses allows WHO to prepare up-to-date WHO diagnostic test kits for national reference laboratories.
The virus enters the body through the mouth and multiplies in the intestine.
Viruses cannot replicate on their own but instead must hijack a living cell.
Virus particles in carriers are found in bodily secretions, especially saliva and sexual emissions, as well as in blood.
Viral hepatitis is now recognized to be a common cause of chronic liver disease.
The term viral hepatitis is usually used to describe infections caused by agents whose primary tissue tropism is the liver.
Both viral meningitis and bacterial meningitis can be transmitted through direct contact with nose and throat secretions of infected person.
Viral conjunctivitis is an infection of the mucous membrane of the surface of the eye.
Viral encephalitis , stroke and Alzheimer's disease are among the neurological insults responsible for the most profound impairments.
Viral bronchitis may be caused by a number of common viruses, including the influenza virus.
Viruses respond by adapting themselves in such a way that they avoid the defence mechanism, to which the bacteria respond in turn.
Virologists are trying to discover the mutations that could enable H5N1 to spread between people and go pandemic.
Paramyxovirus structural proteins within a virus-like particle (VLP) comprise one example of such a vaccine.
Viruses typically find their way into microcomputers through copied floppy disks or programs downloaded from electronic bulletin boards.
The virus is endemic in Java, Sumatra, Bali and southern Sulawesi with sporadic outbreaks reported from other areas.
Unable to reproduce outside a living cell, viruses reproduce only by subverting the genetic mechanisms of a host cell.
And after circulating around the world came back in a form that was tremendously lethal.
Viruses often do not give any obvious indication that they are running, so it is best to run your antivirus software at all times.
In these patients, the virus directly infects the lung, causing severe respiratory failure.
Ward lay-out is key: eliminating long corridors because nurses can spend up to 40% of their time walking instead of caring for patients.
In hospital ward very quiet, Ba Jin puts out a hand to grip Liu Baiyu to tremble and the sweaty hand slightly, strokes gently.
Ward, a patient in critical condition the room to see out the window at the trees, in the autumn wind in a fall down the brain.
Out of the ward, there were several trees, very tall trees. Those desperate days were sharp and clear on her memory.
The extremely sad Deng Jinuo outside ward, draw out skill machine to give small also the grandma calls give obituary notice.
The disease extent of apple did not show significant correlation with the content of phosphorus, potassium in fruits.
The sick bay inmates have handcuffed a bloody Rizzo to a pipe while they run wild through the room.
Nursing the body after the disease and excluding the harmful factors are very important.
My colleagues and friends visiting me after I fell sick sent me as gift tonics like ginseng, or Lucid Ganoderma. I don't eat them any more.
The patient recalled black out of bilateral vision and chest tightness when he was sitting and watching TV at this period.
There are big differences of clinical manifestation between patients. So far western medicine has not offered good cure methods for it.
There was no history of trauma, apart from her having undergone acupuncture several years previously.
However, they can be present with pain, proptosis, restricted ocular motility, visual impairment, globe displacement or palpable bony mass.
A secondary operation was performed with a modification of trimmed e-PTFE band ends and anchored suture.
The child underwent wide excision of the tumor. Pathology examination confirmed a final diagnosis of low-grade conventional chondrosarcoma.
The crisis facing the ill is an extreme form of the crisis facing the majority of the populace.
The patient may also suffer from conjunctivitis, bronchitis and, at very high concentrations of arsenic, diarrhea and abdominal pain.
He was urgently treated with fluid resuscitation, blood transfusions , broad-spectrum antibiotics and emergency splenectomy.
The previously recurred tumors were all excised, while we removed the metastatic lesion by radical neck dissection.
The key of pathogenesis mainly includes qi stagnation, turbid phlegm and blood stagnation.
The distribution patterns of diseased plants seriousness in overwintering period and flowering stage were of aggregation distribution.
Bacteria often in menstruation, abortion, delivery process, or through genital various surgical wound into the pelvic cause inflammation.
Did the organism evolve to mildness in a place like Chile, which has some of the most well-protected water supplies in Latin America?
The pathogen favored growth condition with a little acid and lights had little effect on its development.
The germs leave their nose, and end up in yours. It is all most unfortunate.
It takes hold quickly, causing bleeding lesions, blackened or wilted leaves and, ultimately, death.
Histopathological examination for the resected specimen revealed cytomegalovirus infection with vasculitis and ischemic colitis.
The pathological features of cystic meningioma includes acu te hemorrhagic necrosis and chronic ischemic changes.
The results of pathological technology demonstrated that inflammatory cells infiltrated in the surrounding connective tissue of tumors.
Pathomorphological features incloded large patchy necrosis, degeneration, and inflammatory changes of carcinoma tissue.
Pathological examination : "inflammatory mass, " said eosinophilic infiltration of a large number of cells.
Pathologic analysis confirmed the en bloc resection without tumor exposure in the 3 patients with a spinal tumor.
Histological classification can be divided into. two types: spindle, giant cell and small cell undifferentiated carcinomas.
Use Pathological section to examine the injured status of the neoplasm and bowels; Use electronic microscope to observe the neoplasm cells.
Microscopically the tumor was revealed to be a gastrointestinal stromal tumor. The patient died of pneumonia 2 weeks later.
Only with each stage growing ovarian follicle , there were no ovulation and into corpus luteum in pathological slices of ovary.
Embolisation of pathologic systemic collateral arteries to the bronchial artery system can be an effective option for haemoptysis control.
On pathology, in serious illness healed, the body will be in a week or so tired.
Pathology examination showed inflammation compatible with a mycotic aneurysm, although cultures of the resected aneurysm had no growth.
Multinodular and specific glioneuronal element was typical in pathological examination, seizure could be controlled by operation.
Pathophysiologic changes occur in every major organ system of the burn patient and must be aggressively treated.
Pathophysiology is a basic subject with a strong practical nature and a link between preclinical medicine and clinical medicine.
Autoradiography observation of cochlea in guinea pigs after bFGF intramuscular injection under pathological situation
Pathology is horny albumen protuberant , fine if hair accompanies the not complete horn of different level, change with spine layer fleshy.
The pathologic hallucinations are designated as a type of defence. Lacan approached the hallucinations in his studies of psychoses.
Pathology showed abnormal lipid metabolism in muscle fibers. These characters accorded with stating-associated myopathy.
The pathologist insisted on anonymity, he said, due to fear of damaging his reputation with involvement in such a high-profile case.
"The pathologist we sent these lung sections to was amazed. He said he'd never seen anything like it. " William R.
Pathology is a bridge science which oriented and founded from physiology then bridge to pharmacology and other clinic department sciences.
Reduced numbers of argyrophilic neurons and vacuolar degeneration of axons were demonstrated at the myenteric plexus pathologically.
Pathologic inhibitors of blood coagulation as a cause of postpartum acquired hemostatic failure are rare.
In pathological conditions, epithelial cells are likely the key points in disbalance of homeostasis or tumorigenesis.
Total extirpation of the mass lesion was performed. Histopathological examination showed a paraganglioma.
Case 7 In this case, the great vessels arise in parallel, thus representing transposition of the great arteries (Figure 10).
Case 8 In this case, the "V-shaped" confluence of the aorta and ductus points to the right of the trachea (Figure 12).
Case 9 In this case, the "U-shaped" confluence of the aorta, pulmonary artery, and ductus encircles the trachea (Figure 13).
CASE REPORT: A child aged 3 years 7 months presented a state of severe malnutrition with edema (kwashiorkor).
CASE REPORTS: We observed acute hypertension following dissection of a renal artery aneurysm which led to circulating channel stenosis.
CASE REPORT: A 28-year-old man died from catastrophic hematemesis 7 days after ingesting a bone splinter.
CASE REPORTS: A 35-year-old man and a 55-year-old woman had thyroid carcinoma behaving as an autonomously hyperfunctioning nodule.
The other had scleromalacia with exudative retinal and choroid detachment and was treated with systemic steroid. Both conditions improved.
This reduction is the result of the global effort to eradicate the disease.
Selection criteria were a postoperative CT and the reconstruction of the anterior column using an iliac crest autograft.
the rate of good cases could be used as an index to evaluate the medical quality of hospitals, departments, and doctors.
In complex substraction, for both right handed groups, activation of functional areas of frontal and parietal lobe had the left laterality.
Serum TG in case group in the normal range, but found a positive correlation between the LH and TG.
the content should be accorded with the ordain of the law and regulation;
Vector breeding and the production of adult Aedes aegypti are influenced by a complex interplay of factors.
name of the disease or main symptoms, and number of cases and deaths; whether or not a ship's surgeon on board.
The "yellow" in the name refers to the jaundice that affects some patients.
Given that sustained spontaneous remission is rare, a period of pretreatment observation is not necessary.
Patients who are in remission still need to see the doctor regularly for exams and blood tests.
The diagnosis is often late and the condition erroneously treated as deep venous thrombosis due to leg swelling.
The disease is usually mild with spontaneous recovery. Dehydration and shock may occur in severe cases .
Definition of Stable Disease in the list of acronyms and abbreviations provided by the Free Online Dictionary and Thesaurus.
ICU was the main endemic area, accounting for 29. 2%, followed by departments of respiratory and neurosurgery.
The patient Megan Brown had to visit her local practitioner since she needed to have blood work done.
The invalid complained of being covered with ashes; but he had a tiresome cough, and looked feverish and ill, so I did not rebuke his temper.
The patient was diagnosed as having ductal plate malformation, a microscopic congenital cystic dilatation of the bile ducts.
She was diagnosed to have pneumonia and is now in a critical condition.
The patient should be able to do this smoothly and accurately. Note any tremor or awkwardness . Assess both legs.
The patient's condition must be one of unbearable suffering that cannot be relieved.
"The patients have displayed mild flu-like symptoms and their current condition is not causing concern, " she said.
The patient behaves recognizant faintness, understand and unresponsive, memory ebbs , active attention drops, self-awareness exists, all round recognizant obstacle, directional force mistake.
The patient was found in lateral decubitus position and groaning. Tender over the epigastric especially the right upper quadrant.
The patient consulted a private practitioner in Buea Health District and a clinical diagnosis of yellow fever was made.
Patients often have anemia, spleen enlargement, and general weakness. Complications can be fatal.
A patient usually has a stuffy nose, congestion, some body aches and a growing cough.
while the invalid, half rising from her armchair, watched with horror as the last certainty in which she could have found rest faded away.
The patient has awakened from the coma and his blood pressure is rising to normal. The doctor says he has turned the corner.
The patient can pass the disease to other persons from beginning of the disease to 4 days after appearance of the rash.
Patients' median survival span was 478 days, a figure comparable with that of terminal-cancer patients.
p: of course i'm not happy . that damned driver hit me , put me in a hospital, paid a little money and went back home to have a big dinner!
The patient was then treated with oral tetracycline and topical betamethasone valerate with occlusive dressing.
Sequential compression stockings are wrapped around the patient calves and lower thighs; these decrease the risk of blood clots in the legs.
Sensory and motor block, hemodynamic parameters, pain scores, adverse effects, and analgesic requirements of the patients were recorded.
Enteroviruses can be found in the respiratory secretions (e. g. , saliva, sputum, or nasal mucus) and stool of an infected person.
The patient presented with a fungating skin and soft tissue mass and concurrent pulmonary nodules.
Patient satisfaction is indicative of an individual's experience with the health care system.
Patients with certain behaviors (eg, injecting drug use, male homosexual activity) are at risk of infection with multiple hepatitis viruses.
Patient survival depends on an aggressive surgical approach to the primary lesion and recurrent disease.
When a grandson asked why the cat was there, his mother explained: "He is here to help Grandma get to heaven, " according to Dosa's account.
"Looks like V-fib, " said the nurse -- the patient's heart contractions were disordered and ineffectual.
His eyes had been red and painful for three weeks, yet the usual rounds of medication for conjunctivitis (pink eye) had done nothing.
The patient’s specimen was growing bacteria that were susceptible to the antibiotic; the drug had created a large oval clear zone on the plate which resembled the halo around the moon.
The patient adherence may be improved, as lesser number of drugs has to be ingested.
The patients understanding and recall of information must serve as a basis for any behavioral influence doctor might have.
Patients often have misconceptions about regional anesthesia that require detailed explanation of the safety of this technique.
The patient's own picture of what they suffer from is usually the least reliable datum for a diagnosis.
His case is really serious, as he is suffering from high fever and continuous convulsion.
Patient was feverish and fell unconscious , she must have aspirated some of the contents of her stomach .
The patient was feverish and out of his head and had to be watched.
Patient has a fractured fibula, given him a mild sedative. . . looks like he could be able to go home tomorrow.
the patient blurted out indignantly. 'I insist that you release me immediately from this institution! '
The patient developed symptoms including flushing, confusion, slurred speech, and dry mouth shortly after taking the herbal formulation.
The patients were given the wrong medicine because the nurses in that hospital were negligent in their duties.
The patient has no appetite at all but tells with a smile that everything is fine.
Attacked with acute myocardial infraction , the patient was warded for a week in hospital.
The diagnosis of hepatic hydrothorax should be suspected in a patient with established cirrhosis and portal hypertension, presenting with a unilateral pleural effusion, most commonly right-sided.
A patient suffering from Creutzfeld-Jakob disease (CJD) complained of optical hallucinations, followed by feelings of persecution.
client person invalid victim sick infirm ill convalescent sufferer person case outpatient valetudinarian person
Patients recover slowly, over a number of days, but remain ataxic with many unable to walk unaided.
The patient may withdraw and never speak about it again but be left with lots of unanswered questions.
The patient or user can inhale the aerosol (21) produced by the atomizer (2) from the atomization chamber (12) via a mouthpiece (13).
But patient's family asked if we were able to freeze such a large tumor thoroughly?
Patient education guidelines are also presented that will help the parent, child, and adolescent in sexual issues and understanding.
The patients underwent operation to remove intracranial and spinal tumors, and postoperative radiotherapy was administered.
Without surgical intervention, the patient's condition improved after analgesic medication, bed rest and the fitting of a lumbar corset.
Patient: Right this morning , I began to bleed profusely , doctor , I'm afraid something berrible will happen .
Patient: I felt listless and had an acute sore throat this morning, than ran a fever after lunch .
Patients often suffer inflammation of the brain, an effect that was thought to be a symptom of the disease.
She had been seen by experts in neurology, infectious disease, rheumatology , ear, nose and throat surgery, psychiatry.
Patients may need cessation of the medication as well as a washout period.
Patients can complete a symptom diary, which is very helpful to the clinician in determining the need for additional evaluation.
Patients can present with a sensation of ear fullness, tinnitus, or unilateral conductive hearing loss of the affected ear.
Patients can go home the same day, no scars, no pain and the best part for Villa she was awake through it all.
Patients can have significant weakness and lethargy , I feel there may be changes, including euphoria and Juan sleep.
PATIENTS WHO HAVE EXPERIENCED multiple traumatic injuries present one of the greatest challenges for perioperative teams.
When the patient igored his plea, Patton struck him in the face - and was horrified to learn that he was seriously shell-shocked.
Patients are very aware of the adage "you get what you pay for" and are therefore much less likely to complain at the smaller hospital.
Patients feel they deserve some sort of treatment reward for sitting and waiting to see a provider.
They would tell you all sorts of things, which were mysterious to me and not well described in the current literature.
Sick men and women were sitting on their chairs in the doctor's waiting room.
p: i have been examined by a physician and he told me that he found nothing wrong with me .
Patient: I had pneumonia ten days ago and took penicillin for a week, and now I have a rash all over my body.
The patient appetite waste away, dry mouth smell, the surface of the tongue with a yellow moss, often accompanied by abdominal pain.
Patient: Yes, I'd like to make an appointment to see a specialist in Neurological Department this week.
She was an older woman, sitting at the edge of the bed, struggling to put socks on her swollen feet.
The patient was a victim of an implantation of a brain transmitter over twenty-five years ago.
The patient was a 56-year-old woman with complaints of diarrhea, nausea, and abdominal fullness.
The patient is a 61 year-old man male, without history of yellow fever vaccination, who presented with fever, jaundice and back pain with onset of symptoms on 27 July 2009.
A patient who died in the UK from Strongyloides infection, which he had contracted in the West Indies, is described.
I know , but you can't deny the existence of the North Pole. If you do, you well be distorting facts with ulterior motives.
The computer picked up the patinet's brain waves as he talked and did not use any voice recognition software.
The patient retorted, “This is lop-sided talk, so it is absurd. Not all water is drinkable.
Chemotherapy and radiotherapy were given, but in vain. The patient died of renal failure due to systemic metastasis.
The kind of anesthesia that patients receive depends on their condition and the kind of procedure they need.
The patient lies back, hands behind their head as I clean each axilla with iodine.
The patient was lying upon a low bed covered with a soft woolen sheet.
Presented is a patient with advanced vulvar cancer involving the vagina, the perineum and the anus, with metastases to inguinal lymph nodes.
The patient mentioned that he was scheduled to go in for cystoscopy in a couple weeks because there had been blood in his urine.
Because patient in vivo lacks this protein, in vivo thick mucus stack blocking lungs channel, even becomes inflamed the death.
The patient usually sweats profusely, feels clammy to the touch, may complain of a headache or nausea, and may be disoriented and feel weak.
To soothe the burning pain, patients often immerse the infected area in water.
Even doctors, who may seem to have the most to lose from patient-centred digital medicine, increasingly support the move online.
Patient: I fell down the stairs, Immediately, I felt a bad pain in my left hip and I couldn't stand at all.
Patient: I tripped and fell, banging my forehead quite hard. My wife wrapped a bandage around it to stop the bleeding.
Patient: My voice became hoarse for two days right after I delivered a relatively long speech at a meeting.
The patient has no known drug or food allergy, and there are no other systemic diseases.
Patient: No, it's better now, just a little tight in my chest. I also feel dizzy when I stand up.
The patient laughed. "Yes, " he said. He was dead six days later, a few months shy of his 80th birthday.
Patient: Thank you for your advices for my health. 1 will do as you told me. Good-bye.
The main valve regulating blood flow out of the heart gets stiff, leathery and constricted.
A. Patients should avoid odors or foods that seem to be aggravating the nausea.
The patient needs to be reminded that in time the block will dissipate and discomfort will appear.
The difficulties and patience required to brew the tea at home have helped popularize commercial brands.
Back pain is the most common reason patients seek acupuncture treatment, followed by joint pain, neck pain, migraines and other forms of recurring pain.
The patient shook her head and stretched out her hands towards the baby. The doctor put it in her arms. She kissed it on the forehead.
Patients should demonstrate an intact gag reflex and the ability to cough effectively and swallow liquids without difficulty.
The patient individualizes commonly blemish, psychogenic disorder duration is in less than of half an year.
P: My doctor has given me another prescription . Could you please have a look at it ?
Patient: Well doctor, at the beginning of every week I wake up with a sense of dread, a headache, my legs are shaking and I feel depressed.
Patient: Doctor, if there is anything wrong with me, don't frighten me by giving it a long scientific name. Just tell me in plain words.
Patient: Doctor, I've got a gum boil. A bad tooth may have to be pulled.
Patients with repeated admissions for the same disorder incur unnecessarily high health cost.
Patients would be able to stipulate the conditions under which their personal medical date could be divulged
The patient was dead after lie received neurological surgery for brain tumor excision. The pathologic report of the tumor was schwannoma.
PATIENTS AND METHODS: This was a prospective, randomized, crossover study of 42 patients with longstanding ulcerative colitis.
Patients with work-related numbness of the fingers and Raynaud's syndrome should be referred to occupational health service.
Because the frozen sections revealed no residual tumor cell after tumor excision, canaliculostomy and semicircular flap was performed simultaneously.
Patients can have general anesthesia during the operation. Or they might choose to have a local painkiller and remain awake.
The patient wears the battery-operated device on the hip and a blood pressure cuff on the arm.
Patient wake up in the middle of the night, and the big toe feels as if it's on fire.
The patient had a normal plain abdominal X-ray, but CT-scanning unveiled signs of strangulating obstruction.
The patient should be given a cutaneous test before being injected penicillin .
Patients experience chronic pain and inflammation as a result of the body's own immune system attacking the lining of the joints.
Patients who have no response to the auditory brainstem evoked potential response initially may never recover the hearing loss.
The patient can then open and close his prosthetic hand simply by trying to move the fingers that are no longer there.
Patients have to take only one tablet a day for three days for some ages, or two tablets a day for three days for other ages.
The patient calls himself 'the Murderer', and demonstrates his murderous ability by destroying the psychologist's wristwatch radio.
A patient sat in front of it in the dark, facing north, stark naked-staring at the light, which was covered by colored filters.
The chair reclines and has a padded headrest. It also has a touch-screen control panel and an electrical magnetic coil that is positioned on a precise spot on the patient's head.
The history is initially often of acute bronchitis. Fever and malaise develop with a cough producing infected (yellow or green) sputum.
The history is only half a year, the doctor prescribe the endoscopy sheet to exclude some benign disease such as gastritis or ulcer.
Case fatality was high in all age groups but was highest in persons aged 10 to 39 years.
morbid obesity is not only a matter of appearance , and it seriously affects the physical and psychological well being of the patient.
Being morbidly obese puts stress on various systems in the body, including the hepatic system (your liver is part of this system).
Morbid Angel was one of the original death metal bands signed to Earache Records, and were also influential in the transition of death metal from its thrash metal roots to its current form;
The sickness quite departed, but succeeded by a horrid giddiness and swimming that was almost worse to bear.
Alveolar air space fraction was greater in Disease rabbits, suggestive of emphysema improved by expansion thoracoplasty.
Cause: there're 'dead corners' in monitoring and it's a waste not to spend public money recklessly.
Causes Nephrotic syndrome is usually caused by damage to the clusters of tiny blood vessels (glomeruli) of your kidneys.
The cause of it was over-application to your profession, and, perhaps, a life too bare of natural recreation and pleasures.
Cause: effect of sleep deprivation and gynecology, so the lack of sebum secretion and the thick cuticle;
pathogeny treats: Break anaemia of courage and uprightness chronically, should search exsanguine account and add Jiao Zhi.
His roommate's bed was tightly close to the window, while he could only lie in bed all day long.
Disease and syndrome reflect disease essential character from the different angles, but symptom is extrinsic appearance of disease essence.
Chemotaxis of pathogen toward the mucus layer of fish plays an important role in its colonization in the mucus.
The pathogen was not particular about carbon sources, it could utilize both monosaccharide and polysaccharide.
It is always just a question of time until the pathogens mutate and become insensitive. It's a never ending arms race.
Among the tested carbon and nitrogen sources in Czapek liquid medium, galactose and ammonium were the most favorable for mycelia growth.
oat meal agar and corn meal agar were suitable for the growth of the pathogen and the formation of sporangia.
The curriculum teaching of pathogenic organism and the basics of immunology with the building of creative consciousness
Germ and microbe are the ordinary nonscientific names for such an organism and especially for one that causes disease.
The pathogen is able to travel like a stowaway, remaining viable in the mud on shoes or tires and on crates and cages in which birds have been transported.
Pathogen for the mucus of Myxobolus spores insects, of the types in the thousands or more, gill parasite Myxobolus part of it is the gills.
Such pathogen-associated molecular patterns (PAMPs) comprise molecular structures that are found in microbes but not in host tissues.
The lesion represented spread of the malignancy despite chemotherapy; thus, treatment was initiated with second-line agents.
Echogenicity of this lesion is similar to that of pancreas (arrowheads) and spleen (S).
The local envelope of liver was lacunose, There was concretion and dilatation of bile duct in or around the focus.
The lesion is always benign, but may easily be mistaken for a malignant tumour.
Lesions typically present during infancy and range in size from a few millimeters to several centimeters.
Metastases spread via the lymphatic system to cervical and mediastinal nodes , but sometimes to liver , lungs, and bone as well .
Both histopathological and immunohistochemical examinations revealed characteristic changes of myxxoid neurothekeoma (nerve sheath myxoma).
The disease is usually transmitted to humans by inhaling the agent from dried droppings and secretions of infected birds .
clinical features : dizziness , muscle weakness , numbness , tearing , salivation and palpitation.
Mild illnesses settle quickly with your own efforts, but more severe illness is something you have little or no ability to fight without professional help and medication.
The talk of setting aside a corner of the pasture for superannuated animals had long since been dropped.
Witnesses who called 911 have described a chaotic scene after a charter bus crashed Friday in Texas, fatally injuring 17 people.
To rotate the apertuer dial(right) enabling you to turn the arrow in the center of shutter dial(left).
A dial peer, also known as an addressable call endpoint, is a device that can originate or receive a call in a telephone network.
The dialer makes out going phone calls on the pc with a USB phone or headset.
Dialing locations can be easily changed and edited from within Net Pal making it perfect for use by travellers connecting from a laptop.
The dial tone strategy assumes that the original database is temporarily unavailable, but that it will eventually be restored.
Lenin's famous dictum "Kto kovo" ( "who did what to whom" ) is the best way of clearingthe fog.
Going Clear: Scientology, Hollywood and the Prison of Belief. By Lawrence Wright. Knopf; 448 pages; $28. 95. Buy from Amazon. co. uk
Earmark fatigue figured in the recent primary defeats of three-term Sen. Robert Bennett (R) of Utah and five-term Sen. Arlen Specter (D) of Pennsylvania.
Appropriation, provision, monitoring, enforcement, conflict resolution, and governance activities are organized in multiple layers of nested enterprises.
Stop all the clocks, cut off the telephone. Prevent the dog from barking with a juicy bone.
Dial the go eyelash is small but snapping, but full explanation for her attention to his 100% concentration.
The newscaster said that he would update the news report every half hour.
Broadcast at a range of quality depending on your connection - low latency means the application works well even over slow GPRS connections.
The images appeared to be a bid to show that control of the armed forces was still in the hands of Mr. Mubarak and his regime.
Use the MP3 player as you normally would, hang it around your neck, clip it on your jeans or place it in your pocket.
When a song plays, its album cover fills the Nano screen and looks a little like a colorful postage stamp clipped to you.
english tang . com As play began, the top women are Danish national Caroline Wozniacki, Vera Zvonareva and Maria Sharapova both of Russia.
The playback controls' information button can provide authorship details and link to a web address.
Documentary film on Losheng Sanitarium preservation efforts is shown, to gain support for groups protesting its imminent demolition.
Play dolphin, orca, and angelic relaxing music. Screaming chaotic music is only going to disturb their energy.
Put on your favorite music and dance: T his is not only exercise, but also a great way to unwind at the end of a busy day.
Player and Recorder allow you to listen to music as an audio player like Windows Media Player, Winamp, Jet-Audio. . .
During the panel discussion that followed the video, Ai Weiwei, an artist and social activist, was the first to speak.
Plays the random motifs over the background music to add a little variance to it.
Putting on some sexy music, getting the lighting right and starting out with a massage will get her to loosen up literally and figuratively.
The title of the podcast is reflective of the length of each episode, 10 minutes or less.
Podcasting allows people to make far more effective use of their travel - what might have been dead time becomes valuable reflective time.
Your feed and feeder Division of the Department of your material compared to pay attention to the taper inentification tension and inertia.
Study of the Amount of Nitrogenous Application and Seeding Time to Qualified Winter Wheat Yield
It had remarkable effects on plant height and fruit quality, while relatively low plot yield to sow in April 7-14th.
Disseminated toxo is less common, but can affect the eyes and cause pneumonia.
Beamed energy propulsion has the possibility of becoming a future way of getting around the planet instead of jumbo jets.
ANNOUNCER: Called an outpost of tyranny on Europe’s last dictatorship by the US Government, Belarus has for more than a decade, been under the rule of President Alexander Lukashenka.
ANNOUNCER : Thousands of would be migrants are taking advantage of summer weather and calm seas to try to cross from Africa to Europe.
Announcer: But it's special really because I suppose . . . would you say it was the first ever computer game?
ANNOUNCER: For most foreign correspondence, the end of a posting means packing and shipping belongings home.
ANNOUNCER: Welcome to THE MAKING OF A NATION -- American history in VOA Special English.
Announcer: Speaking of which, let's go and see Space Invaders and for me this is like revisiting an old friend, David.
News man: President Kennedy met with the collegiate All-American Football Team at the oval office today.
ANNOUNCER : Every year, it is estimated that around 30 thousand people in India die from snake bites.
Announcer: Take it easy, madam. And speak slowly. May I have your name first?
Announcers often face the public when the public every time the announcer is very likely to associate the defendant's statement.
Announcer says "Budding artists from the Lone Star State" , hold up your head and dig ZZ*TOP!
The announcer concludes, " Barack Obama : failing to stop cheating, failing American workers. "
ANNOUNCER: It’s rather reassuring for radio presenters that the human voice is such a crucial part of the human auditory environment.
Announcer: So Space Invaders the game whose sound defined a thousand bars and pubs around the world.
The announcer raised a series of issues and asked what I would do about them.
The announcer interrupted the radio music to give a special piece of news .
ANNOUNCER: What any of us are like has a lot to do with how our voices sound.
It's hilarious to see them fight back tears when the announcer tells everyone their weight.
Commentator Alexander Galkin said the photo proved thatthe damage was less severe than Western reporters had claimed.
ANNOUNCER: So it seems that the voice can operate like a silent movie as a sequence of wordless gestures or a face made up of sounds.
ANNOUNCER: So as soon as we start to speak, we bombard a potential listener with information about ourselves.
ANNOUNCER: The Lebanese army is also battling Islamic Militants in some of the most intense fighting scene in country since the civil war ended in 1990.
When planting time came the peasant did not plant turnips again, but wheat.
Sow good seeds, treat your neighbor as you would have them treat you, and you will surely bring in a wonderful harvest, a harvest fit for a king.
After sowing in flowerpot on the hood film, give a growth of plant offers a wet environment.
Sow seeds can pass a tractor operation of sow seeds the machine, hand move a machine dibble machine and handicraft Sa to sow completion.
Acreage allotments, price supports and crop set-asides reshaped the face of American agriculture.
Sow good seeds, treat your neighbor as you would have them treat you, and you will surely bring in a wonderful harvest, a harvest fit for a king.
Then he said to the kinsman-redeemer, "Naomi, who has come back from Moab, is selling the piece of land that belonged to our brother Elimelech.
Boaz was pleased that Ruth had come to him for help, and sent her home with a gift of barley for Naomi.
And Boaz's offer of kindness is quite ordinary. But God uses such ordinary events to redeem his people.
And he took ten men of the elders of the city, and said, Sit ye down here. And they sat down.
So was Boaz blessed when he reaped his harvest, and his workmen met him with benedictions .
And behold, Boaz came from Bethlehem. And he said to the reapers, "The LORD be with you! " And they answered, "The LORD bless you. "
And, behold, Boaz came from Bethlehem, and said unto the reapers , The LORD be with you. And they answered him, The LORD bless thee.
BONN: The sea, a beach, and loads of sun - for many people these are the main ingredients of a perfect holiday.
The name and reputation are just two of the many things Boba inherited from his father, Jango.
Boba Fett may have first appeared in the 1978 television rarity, "The Star Wars Holiday Special, " but he had been in the works for a while.
Part of what makes Boba Fett as good as he is are the special modifications he has made to his Shocktrooper's armor.
BabeMachine is a unique combination of an exciting game and tingling eroticism . Crack the jackpot and enjoy bosomy girls!
It has a reputation as one of the wildest places in Cambodia, an anything-goes town ruled by drugs, gangs, gambling and prostitution.
POIPET, Cambodia— One thinks of slavery as an evil confined to musty sepia photographs.
Bobby's unbridled finally met the "foe" , in the exotic world, no one young lady to her temper.
Bobby to free, deliberately destroyed rules and mischief, hope that the conservative and cast her out of school!
Bobby inadvertently put out an undercover months of the Women's International Criminal Police, and a section of her situation.
"Bobby, as a group of ice cream over her fear of her bared FOR ablation with, " I feel good you you?
Bobby finally see it with the snakes, the heart of a woman, a revival, always be ready . . .
Bobo is not perfect, but he is happy, when his music dancing with the bigfoot when again, I could feel the life vitality.
The new Russian state arms procurement plan includes the creation of a Russian analog of the system, Popovkin said.
The humorous speech of Bobo was always high tide and this time his usual form caused a fitful laughter.
Bobo: It was amazing, the way the horseman ignited the torch is impressive.
Popovich also said he did not agree with the argument of those who say they can no longer win.
Popovich tried to jump-start Turkoglu, starting him ahead of Manu Ginobili, and for a time the spark caught.
Poblano : Often described as fruity and earthy, this dark green chile is mild to medium-hot in flavor.
Spinach, like broccoli and Swiss chard, is an excellent source of vitamins A and C, which your body needs to produce sebum.
Short wavelengths like violet bend more than long ones like red, causing that beam of white sunlight to fan out into a spectrum of colors.
the convolution considering angle or wavelength resolution is better than the convolution considering scattering vector.
Wavelength : In the wave , the distance between two pieces of adjoin particle that displacement is always equal .
The wavelength converting element 110 may be, e. g. , a phosphor platelet that is indexed matched with the optical concentrator 108.
Snapshot of wave field trial result says that this kind of absorptive boundary condition brings good absorption effect except. . .
In Pau, the authorities launched an investigation to determine why a thirty-year-old man would pose as a teen-age orphan.
Already, Birch said, scientists testing it have found that deep-sea microbial communities are unexpectedly dynamic.
Mr. Postman said the software entrepreneur hasn't disclosed more details on his future giving.
Poznan is a beautiful and famous town with a large number of citizens who are pious Christians.
In Potsdam Conference, the conflicts in German reparations arose due to the different standing positions of the U. S. , the U.
Germany cannot do all this on its own, argues Ottmar Edenhofer of the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research.
Bode's law, it seemed, was just a coincidence, an example of the human mind's tendency to find a meaningful pattern where none exists.
Baudelairean strangeness approximates the effect of my own encounter with any number of disorienting features of Zeng's art.
Baudrillard put forward the theory of simulacrum and mean ed that the art create the reality and dispel the reality.
Baldrick: On the other hand, you can stay here, and, as a known loyalist, the Roundheads will come and cut your head off.
Mr. Podesta said Mr. Obama also has begun to review President Bush's executive orders, to see which ones he might repeal.
Podesta said the president-elect also will look to form a bipartisan Cabinet by including Republicans.
The concept of waves probably entered human thought because people watched the ocean, or a puddle after a pebble fell into it.
Mr. Borden met Mr. Summers to discuss how much money a large institution should allocate to hedge funds.
The pressure proportional elastic deformation of this bourdon tube is transmitted through a low friction movement to the knife edge pointer.
Contact pressure gauges with the Bourdon tube system are used at process pressures of approximately 1 bar and upwards.
Wave Disco Bar: The only underground disco in the whole Philippines, and the only air-conditioned party place in the island.
Porteous shall die the death he deserves so richly, therefore, speak no more to us, but prepare him for death.
The fluctuations of this operator are responsible for spin-lattice relaxation in polymer chains.
Though wave equation prestack migration produces higher quality images, it has not been widely used in practice due to its low efficiency.
Wave equation method is one of the fundamental techniques for seismic modeling and imaging.
The undulated biomimetic thruster is a new-style underwater thruster which is based on fish bionics.
Movement and information provide each of us with the opportunity to do something, but that’s all!
Undulation machines represent a new dimension in human technology, indicating that human consciousness has become elevated to some degree.
The volatility is a very important variable in finance due to its application in investment portfolio, asset pricing and risk management.
The volatility also has made what would appear to be a straightforward bet against the dollar fraught with risk .
How can we reconcile the boardroom perception of growing turbulence with evidence of stability?
Volatility is one of the most important characteristics in financial markets, the study on which has been a hot research in financial field.
Volatility is still there and we're not out of the woods, but seems increasingly that we have hit bottom .
Bowdoin College students can delve into "The Horror Film in Context" in the school's English Department.
Short-band radar strays within a few miles of the developing funnel cloud and gets a good shot of the tornado itself.
Swing traders catch short-term swings between optimism and pessimism, which last from a few days to a few weeks.
Bandwidth: The difference (in hertz ) between the upper and lower limits of wave frequencies transmitted over a communications channel .
The medium used for the transmission of radio and television signals. Often used in the plural.
Mr Bolton said he was confident that last year's lending binge by Chinese banks would not lead to a dangerous rise in bad debts.
Mr Bolton speaks no Mandarin or Cantonese and by his own admission has always been terrible at foreign languages.
During his 28 years running Fidelity International's Special Situations fund in London, he delivered an annualised return of 19. 5 per cent.
Burton Malkiel: Foreign money can move quite rapidly into and out of different countries.
Mr Bolton is a talented stock-picker, but he does not speak Chinese. Good luck to him.
Having started out as a tutor, Burton says he is helping his clients learn in a different way by providing them with further research and sample essays.
Burton says that using the essays as part of an application would be fraudulent and that he discourages it, but both men concede it's a possibility.
Another hallmark of Mr Bolton's investing style is a focus on the fundamental long-term valuation of a company.
Mr Bolton notes that there has been a UN "interim" force in southern Lebanon for 28 years. Would a new force be any more effective?
Burton must have felt he had to make this picture because without filmmakers like Ed Wood, Burton himself would have never existed.
Podolski said: "I'm usually a secure penalty-taker but the goalkeeper saved well. "
He became the oldest male after his predecessor, Emiliano Mercado del Toro of Puerto Rico, died at the age of 115 on January 24.
Vieques, Puerto Rico is one of the most unspoiled islands of the Caribbean.
Each bartender in Puerto Rico concocts his or her own favorite rum drink, but other island cocktails are made with fresh fruit juices.
[] A city of northeast Puerto Rico east-southeast of San Juan. It is a processing center with a textile industry. Population, 147, 835.
Team Puerto Rico made an L-shaped building with an adjustable main room that allows enough room for a dance floor.
A boy takes cover in Fajardo, Puerto Rico from a wave caused by the approach of Hurricane Earl.
Puerto Rico and Colombia also rank highly, along with Northern Ireland, Iceland, Switzerland, Ireland, the Netherlands, Canada and Sweden.
Links between Puerto Ricans and New York, Mexicans and Los Angeles, and Cubans and Florida are long-established.
Puerto Rico is neither a U. S. state, nor is it an independent sovereign state, but the United States in the Caribbean, a self-governing.
Police in Puerto Rico say a man has confessed to killing a pregnant tourist.
Puerto Rico is always one vote away from splitting off, but they keep voting to stay.
Puerto Rico does have its own Republican government, but its relationship to the US is still in some senses colonial.
Puerto Ricans cannot vote in U. S. general elections, but more Puerto Ricans live on the U. S. mainland than on the island.
The Puerto Ricans have two NBA point guards, Carlos Arroyo and J. J. Barea, running the show.
Puerto Ricans had reached their goal of independence from Spain just a year before the United States arrived.
Puerto Rico's new governor, Luis Fortu&amp;ntilde; o, has been quick to acknowledge the scale of economic problems facing the US commonwealth.
Puerto Rico votes on Sunday, while Montana and South Dakota close out the primary calendar with contests on Tuesday.
The governor of Puerto Rico says Hurricane Irene has brought high winds and torrential rain to the Caribbean island, cutting electricity to about 800, 000 people.
Puerto Rico was chosen as the non-European team because Puerto Rican officials understood FIBA politics and pressed for inclusion.
Puerto Rico is home to the largest, most sensitive radio telescope in the world.
"There is no alternative centre of power" within the party, says Gerd Langguth of the University of Bonn.
It was af air question at the end of two weeks of clime ate discussions in Bonn.
The court in Bonn was told that the employee, who has not been named, took no money for herself.
The island of Bornholm is located further east of the rest of the country, in the Baltic Sea.
The Bonn meeting comes a few months after the NATO-led force has begun to wind down.
After Bonn, talks before Copenhagen are in Bangkok from September 28-October 9 and in Barcelona, Spain, from November 2-6.
A peninsula of northeast Tunisia extending into the Mediterranean Sea across from Sicily.
One such place is Bonn, where diplomats from most countries in the world are haggling over financial incentives to keep trees intact.
The Bonn government spends $116, 000 a year for a private security company to guard the area and to provide security for the sex workers.
Bonn means Beethoven: his birthplace there is a coveted stop for educated Chinese, who are avid fans of classical music.
Burns says Iran can also expect more penalties from other places if it does not agree to negotiate an end to its nuclear program .
The gayly apparelled clerk from the Bonneville store lost his head in the confusion.
The former capital of West Germany, in the western part of the country on the Rhine River.
The so-called Machado-Joseph disease is at the center of the current Bonn study.
The Bonn researchers have published their findings in the journal "Nature, " demonstrating that, under these conditions, the mineral stores oxygen and performs as an oxygen reservoir.
Bohr let neither the unpredictability nor the nonvisualizability of the quantum jump deter him from advancing the idea.
Pol pot's eventual aim seems to have been the complete extermination of the Cham as a people
Nuon Chea, regarded as Pol Pot's right-hand man, walked out of the proceedings; another defendant claimed he had been granted amnesty.
Pot also designed a wall-mounted magnet board and a chair called Skinny for the office range.
Pol Pot was the leader of the Khmer Rouge and the Prime Minister of Cambodia from 1976 to 1979, having been de facto leader since mid-1975.
Often, Ball was forced to hire just about anyone who walked in the door because few people were willing to commute to the call center and sit in a sterile cubicle for minimum wage.
Mr Bolton has been criticised for his gruff manner, which some suggest has hampered him in his goal of internal reform at the UN.
Polden says there is a host of reasons for this. One is simply that, by this age, women tend to have fewer insecurities.
Bolden died at the Mid-South Health and Rehabilitation Center, a nursing home where she had been living for several years, said the center's administrator, Charlotte Pierce.
Bordeaux fans could argue that new world wines are powerful and alcoholic, so tend to stand out in group tastings.
Bordeaux is unusual in that for the elite 5% of its wineries, futures contracts are exchanged while a vintage is still in barrels.
The Bordeaux merchants have been capitalising enthusiastically on the pound's fall against the euro .
Bordeaux businessman Gerard Parfait also says he was disappointed at the relatively low French turnout at the forum.
Mr Polgar thought any child could be a prodigy given the right teaching, an early start and enough practice.
How would it be, Pole, if you got on my shoulders and saw whether you could get up to it?
Mr. Paul's denied estimate the final cost of the plan and did not say how long the takeover will last.
Wave Er goat (Boer Goat) is to look the accepted optimal flesh on preexistence bound uses one of goat variety.
Ovum Pick up and Fertilization in vitro of Follicular Oocytes for Boer Goats
Poll was smug and came out with a load of rubbish, but he was the FA's star ref and I knew I'd get done.
'Joe had a good friend with a multibillion-dollar Las Vegas casino business and a bad situation, ' Bohr says.
Perls has found that in centenarians, it's principally genes that are the secret to extra years.
Erskine B. Bowles and Alan K. Simpson, the chairmen of President Obama's deficit reduction commission, have taken a hard look at these tax expenditures — and they don't like what they see.
Few centenarians have a history of smoking, and they tend to not be substantially obese, Perls said.
One major tax expenditure that the Bowles-Simpson plan would curtail or eliminate is the mortgage interest deduction.
The Battle of Poltava was one of the major turning points of modern history and we are still living with its consequences.
Bolt said he was pretty happy with himself for setting the world record, but considered Olympic gold the big prize.
"Porto had more experience than any other team in the top level of the Champions League, " added the manager.
Porto manager Jesualdo Ferreira also believed Sheva 's contribution had been vital to the result.
Puerto Morales Ayma and its neighbors were formed just months before the 2009 presidential elections.
Porto were able to comfortably defend and even looked the more threatening when they countered - Hulk sent a shot over and Fernando Belluschi went closer with a drive from distance.
Porto and Northern Portugal, especially the urban areas north of Douro River , was the tourist destination which grew most (11. 9%) in 2006.
Porto is a team with tradition in European football and is a team with ambition so they deserve respect from us and they will have it.
A sloppy pass by Porto went straight to Drogba but after stepping wide of the last defender, he blasted well off target.
But Porto, whose dominance in their domestic league saw them go unbeaten and finish 38 points ahead of Braga, were far from their best in Dublin.
Porto's win against Hamburg leaves three teams scrapping for two qualification places in Group G.
Porto midfielder Lucho Gonzalez says he is flattered to be linked with UEFA Champions League opponents Chelsea.
The fact that Porto have never lost to an English side on home soil makes United's task all the more harder, but Vidic remains upbeat.
Some of Bohr's clients today were his customers when he was a captain at Gramercy Tavern in New York.
Poll glanced over to me, turned to the assessor, and said: "Guess who's in there? "
Tusk voiced his hope to cooperate with China on trade, culture and science and technology.
Horde of Boggarts's power and toughness are each equal to the number of red permanents you control.
Bogota, Lagos, Calcutta, Istanbul, Manila, Tehran and other cities to adopt this strategy.
The ruins of the Bokor Palace Hotel overlook the Gulf of Thailand. Once an idyllic resort during the French colonial period, Bokor is now best known for its vistas.
Once an idyllic resort during the French colonial period, Bokor is now best known for its vistas.
Click on the sparkling area to open a hidden object game and find the HORSESHOE.
Mr Nami, speaking to reporters, denied any wrongdoing, saying: "It was not a fraud" and that he was "a victim of the police investigation" .
The Po is Italy's longest river, flowing westward from the Alps to the Adriatic Sea through Turin.
Bohemia: The groom gives the bride a rosary, a prayer book, a girdle with three keys (to guard her virtue), a fur cap, and a silver wedding ring.
Now the prediction is coming true, says Wim K&amp;ouml; sters, of the Ruhr University in Bochum and one of the original signatories.
Put another way: "the disco dance becomes a minuet," says Dr. Martina Havenity of Ruhr-University Bochum.
Put another way: "the disco dance becomes a minuet," says Dr. Martina Havenity of Ruhr-University Bochum. The change prevents ice from forming.
Does Bo wonder, in whatever way he might be capable, what all the fuss is about?
Waves oscillate back and forth. Add two waves together and you get a new composite wave.
The crests of the BRM are rounded and slightly sinuous and are apparently of bifurcation.
Her father refused to pay the ransom, and Pocahontas was held hostage by the English for a year.
Pocahontas has since had a mixed legacy, having been portrayed as everything from the mother of a nation to betrayer of her people.
Mr. Perkupp said he required nothing, but would like a glass of seltzer or soda water.
In turn Ms Boxer and Mr Brown will try to twist their opponents' corporate qualifications into negatives.
Scot Pollard: My Valentine's Days are spent mostly just basking in Peja's glow.
PAULA: Great. Guess what? You know my brother, Matthew? We've just discovered that he's going to be spending a year in Maria's home town.
As possible fields of application, Pollack named environmental systems, weather patterns, population genetics, cosmology and oceanography.
Pollack wanted a monologue from Murray, and the other actors in the scene were not informed making any response, interesting.
For there was Ms. Pollack, snoozing next to an empty bottle of vodka, and sporting nothing but a T-shirt rolled up above her breasts.
The man himself had already died five years earlier, at the age of 50, a victim of a liver disease he had battled much of his adult life.
Bola?o was born in Santiago, Chile, the son of a truck driver (and boxer) who moved the family to Mexico City when Bola?o was still a boy.
Bola ~no was born in Santiago Chile the son of a truck driver (and boxer) who moved the family to Mexico City when Bola ~no was still a boy.
Paula: Oh no. It looks like we've run out of the Baby Shampoo. Guess we'll have to use Daddy's instead.
The Lot airline's Boeing 767 circled over Warsaw airport for an hour to burn fuel. No one on board was injured.
The death toll in the Czech Republic grew to five on Sunday and another three were missing and feared drowned, the Polish PAP news agency said.
He decries the simple narrative in which Polish patriots are paragons of virtue, and their Bolshevik persecutors the epitome of evil.
Poland, Austria, parts of southern Germany and Britain are also experiencing unusually dry weather and high spring temperatures.
Polish, Baltic and other officials will meet in Warsaw shortly to discuss the significance of the exercises.
The more the Polish zloty or Hungarian florint sicken, the worse the euro will feel.
The authorities confiscated his passport, booted him out of his university job, and prevented him publishing even purely academic work.
Polish public debate can indeed be overheated, but in his denunciation of it, Mr Michnik risks falling victim to the hysteria he bemoans.
The fact is that Poland's economic growth has made it the unquestioned heavyweight of central Europe.
Poland's leaders and media often remind Russia of its moral responsibility for the Katyn massacre.
Polish roads have improved hugely since then, but the biggest change is the border crossing. It used to take up to a week to cross.
It's likely to be a war of slow attrition, and the fate of Poland will depend upon its ending.
The best-known destination for dark tourism is the Nazi extermination camp at Auschwitz in Poland.
The Polish avant-garde theatre is world-famous, with Jerzy Grotowski as its most innovative and creative representative.
Possible consolidation may be underway in Poland's fragmented cable TV market, with Poland's second largest cable TV operator up for sale.
The Polish Lowland Sheepdog must be shown naturally -- no scissoring is allowed.
The Russians also gave the crew incorrect weather and visibility information, and a crucial height warning too late, the Polish side said.
Polish officials still have fresh memories of their country's EU accession, when they were bossed around and told to shape up.
Polish King Jan III took the castle over, then Prussia seized control, using it as an army barracks, a wheat warehouse and a jail.
Poland also wants to be able to continue selling certain carbon credits after the Kyoto protocol expires in 2012.
The high quality of services and professionalism of LOT's onboard personnel have been honoured a number of times.
The fact that Poland and Brazil can borrow billions in zlotys and reals reflects a confluence of forces.
Poland and Russia in recent years the relationship between the development of even can be very bumpy.
Poland and the Czech Republic, yet to ratify the treaty, have said they will do so if Ireland votes in favour.
Poland and other Schengen member states had a year to make visa preparations for the meeting.
Warsaw, Poland: Skin of English rock band Skunk Anansie performs during the Warsaw Orange Festival at the Legia Stadium
Christmas markets light up the Old Town in Warsaw, Poland, bustling with shoppers enjoying the festive atmosphere.
"Poland will be a great asset; before, she was a liability, " beams one European diplomat.
The renowned music festivals hosted by Poland include the Wratislavia Cantans and the Warsaw Autumn.
Polish Archeologists Believe They've Found Grave of 16th-Century Astronomer Copernicus in a Church
The bid from the Polish-led group is one of several attempts to dilute the EU's climate policy.
It was within the claws of the Warsaw pincers that the Polish Army fought and died .
Its ability to insulate itself from external shocks stems partly from history and geography.
The PSL has indicated that if government support was not forthcoming, it would take the measure directly to parliament.
Poland, which is trying to weaken its dependence on Russian energy in part by developing nuclear power, reacted cautiously.
Defeat of the Poles had seemed at times certain. Their army had been battered and its moral sunk, but yet stood fast.
Poles find the wording infuriating: the Hitler-Stalin carve-up of eastern Europe was a crime, not a mere historical backdrop.
Poles retort that they bought it for political reasons, to help Lithuania survive a Russian squeeze on energy supplies.
Poles focus on the Warsaw uprising; Jews on Auschwitz; Russians on the siege of Leningrad; Ukrainians on the great famine.
Herring, another frequently preserved fish, is consumed at midnight in Poland and Germany—Germans also enjoy carp and have been known to place a few fish scales in their wallets for good luck.
The filmmaker poked fun at the mania for giant projects that reigned in the Polish People's Republic.
Scrapping the Bush-era missile shield was widely seen in Poland as an American attempt to appease Russia at Poland's expense.
Poles were jolted last month by the sudden discovery that they were not immune to the financial crisis contagion rippling across the globe.
These difficult circumstances created a defiant nationalism that brought her loving family even closer.
The Polish troops were shipped home and some eventually put on trial for the atrocity.
Poland was the first nation to press the reset button with Russia, to be followed by Obama's United States.
Having failed to garner a nod with his last outing, this looks like it might be just the film to get him into the race again.
Polanski is still a fugitive from justice and the Swiss are famously a correct and punctilious nation.
Poland's Catholic Church will hold a day of prayer for the nation's drivers in an attempt to use the Christian spirit to quell road rage.
Poland's Catholic Church Historical Commission said he had co-operated with the secret services before the collapse of Communism.
The Polish foreign ministry confirmed that Kaczynski and his wife were aboard the plane.
These highly respected and feared troops wear plate armour and are armed with a lance and a sword.
Polish crate and pail moulder PTS Plast-Box has announced plans of a merger with an unnamed transit packaging group later this year.
Poland wants fiddly changes that might make it easier to keep burning coal and not be bankrupted by the ETS.
Poland was a dream of a game: That the audience carried us along, that we won the game so close to the end!
The PolishParliament held a one minute's silence in remembrance of his contribution to a free and democratic Poland.
Poland, as soon as declared independence and established official government borders (autumn 1918), decided to stake a claim to expropriate Lithuanian Vilnius region, Belarus and half of Ukraine.
Most of Poland's trade is with the euro area and much of that is intra-firm trade: between, say, a German firm and its Polish subsidiary.
Poland came from behind to beat Costa Rica 2-1 to finish third in Group A, and Paraguay upset Trinidad and Tobago 2-0 to be the third-placer of Group B.
The Polishphilosopher and political theorist Leszek Kolakowski has died in hospital at Oxford in England. He was 81.
Poland musters a paltry 0. 7% of GDP for research and development, half the Czech level (the EU target is 3%).
Poland was committed to work constructively on these issues and would show a spirit of compromise in order to move ahead.
Polish Prime Minister not long ago, stand to think of every way to get rid of dependence on Russia.
Donald Tusk, Poland's liberal prime minister, is more popular today than when he took power in 2007.
The Prime Minister Donald Tusk called the crash the most tragic event in Poland's recent history.
The prime minister, Donald Tusk, himself from Gdansk, had wanted to invite leaders of neighbouring countries to a big party there.
Theprime minister, Tusk, himself from Gdansk, had wanted to invite leaders of neighbouring countries to a big party there.
Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk described the crash as "the most tragic event of the country's post-war history" .
Jaroslaw Kaczynski, Polish prime minister, yesterday expressed conditional support for participating in the system.
The real reason for the Polish president's delay is a desire to annoy the government led by Donald Tusk's Civic Platform party.
Jewish-history museum is under construction in central Warsaw, strongly backed by the Polish president, Lech Kaczynski.
Poles are mourning their president Lech Kaczynski and his wife Maria who were among those killed in a plane crash in Western Russia.
Poland does best: Barack Obama will announce the stationing of a squadron of F-16s there when he visits Warsaw on May 27th.
Poland has done a tremendous amount to make up for five decades of sometimes bestial misrule after 1939.
The waves travel to shore much more quickly than you can swim, so in this situation, you want to become an intentional body surfer.
Voluminous hair On the one hand, you will spend half the day unloading a can of hairspray on your scalp.
The wave’s force leveled all the trees and stripped the vegetation along both shorelines — up to 1,720 feet above sea level near the glacier at the head of the fjord (middle left in the photo).
Stability analysis on the breakwater in Yangtze Estuary under the action of wave load
Waves - Curves and contours found on the surface of the wafer that can be seen by the naked eye.
The company Wave Energy's plans to put electric generators inside breakwaters is the only idea that wins favor from these fishermen.
Wavy hair dated two years ago and all the girls now long to have beautiful straight black hair.
Waves are generally steered ashore by the prevailing winds, often blowing at oblique (slanted) angles to the shoreline.
Sprays endlessly slammed on the waterproof window, and the glasses smashed with a harsh noise.
Wavy walls seem to undulate and a comical array of chimney stacks dance across the roof.
When waves propagate over a porous sea bed, the strength of soils in seabed will vary non-uniformly with depth.
Wave action and the digging of nearby horseshoe crabs disturb many of the egg clusters, bringing them closer to the surface.
Simulation Study on the Stability of the Sunk Large-Diameter Cylinder Breakwater under Wave Interaction
Sediment motion induced by waves is a fundamental problem in the dynamics of estuary and the coastal zone.
Mr Borisov also notes the "paradox" that Bulgarians' trust in European institutions "actually increased when the money was frozen" .
Polyak is lead author of the paper and a preceding report that he and his coauthors prepared for the U. S. Climate Change Science Program.
Polly pets her from the back and tells her what a brave and beautiful dog she is.
It's miraculous that Polynesian peoples ever reached Rapa Nui in the first place.
Fueled by a Polynesian passion for dance, torch-twirling Tahitians stage a sizzling show at a beachfront resort.
Blipper was a very special dolphin. What's special about him was. . . He can read other fishes' minds!
Mr. Polissky's dream, he said, was to create an outdoor museum that would be free for any art lover who wanted to visit.
Polis Massans have made contact with the secretive Kaminoans, exchanging some of their data for cloning technology.
The trial of four men accused of involvement in Politkovskya's murder was "a farce" , Estemirova said at the time.
Politkovskaya received numerous journalism awards for her bravery and commitment to uncompromising investigative journalism.
"Mr. Polly's status was that of a guest pure and simple" (H. G. Wells).
Polly was one of four sisters, and they all worked; one was book-keeper in the bank, one taught music, and Polly and her younger sister had been clerks, like Miss Pearl.
Bolero is an absolutely terrible movie but it features quite a bit of Derek in the nude.
His tables and chairs are still in the Elysee Palace in Paris and his sofas, bookcase and desk adorn other rooms.
Pauline could aim the dragon with a radio-control joystick from a model airplane.
According to Pauline Marie Rosenau, contemporary social sciences are constantly obsessed with the specter-like postmodernism.
Pauline Parker: [narration] The next time I write in this diary, Mother will be dead. How odd. . . yet how pleasing.
Pauline is always busy breeding new machines so that the ecology of the circus keeps evolving.
Like a magician's assistant, Polina felt as if she had been split in two.
Polina was sitting and talking to one of her friend's roommates when she turned her head and saw Maxim standing beside her.
A simple numerical model of local scour depth around a large-scale circular cylinder due to combined wave-current action
The very presence of elemental sulfur deposits on the ice in Borup Pass is an indicator that life is likely there.
Mister Pollan's food investigations ask readers to think more carefully about the kind of food they eat and the way it is produced.
Mister Pollan's studies about American food production, farming, health and diet have helped redefine the food debate in the United States.
Mister Pollan says about one hundred ninety liters of oil is needed to grow every four-tenths of a hectare of industrial corn.
Professor of Bologna city authorities began to pay, and asked them to swear not to leave Bologna.
The cold-dark conditions 50 metres below the surface of the Baltic Sea have provided ideal storage.
The Baltic was still frozen in May. Venetians beheld the astonishing spectacle of their lagoon covered by a sheet of ice.
The Baltic trio have no warplanes, relying instead on a rota of NATO visitors.
A currency or banking collapse in the Baltic would spook markets elsewhere in the region, threatening wobbly economies such as Hungary's.
The Baltic Dry Index has recovered from its pitiful low, creeping back up to 3, 345 on July 24th.
The Baltic Dry Index suggests world trade volumes will remain robust. Merger and acquisition activity will continue.
The Baltics may be a special case: small, relatively well run, with flexible economies and friendly Nordic neighbours.
To set the record, the participants moved the Baltic Queen vessel, measuring 212 by 29 meters, at least 10 meters.
Scattered along Poland's Baltic coast are white sandy beaches and a collection of quaint seaside towns that do not seem to have quite left the 19th Century.
"The Baltic Freight Index is the electro-cardiogram for the world economy, " said Hilary Till, principal, Premia Capital Management.
The Baltic states, Scandinavia and Russia will be cooling down, but it’s nothing a few warm layers can’t handle.
Is the Borromean knot a whole (tout), a conceivable whole, or else does it imply an order?
Poirot, poor old chap, is getting on. Jokes about his approaching demise can hardly be agreeable to him.
Poirot: But the stole you see showed definite signs that the pistol had been fired through it.
Dr Berman found that almost all of these reward-associated regions are more active early in the menstrual cycle than late in it.
"If it's going to help not to have the swine flu and keep my baby safe, I will take it, " Berman-Marciano said.
Any of a breed of small dogs having long, silky hair, a foxlike face, pointed EARS, and a hairy tail curling over the back.
A follower or supporter of Napoleon I and his policies and dynastic claims or of the Bonaparte family.
Mr Ponemon says he is flattered by the attention but did not hire Burson and is concerned about the "optics" thee e- mail created .
Bronia sent for Maria later that year. Maria was concerned for her widower father, and did not take the opportunity to go to Paris until she was finally convinced by him to follow her dream.
BONNY: Don't tie it to that old branch. I think it'll break. Tie it to the one.
BONNY: Missed it! That was lucky. It can damage your car really badly.
Bonny first entered piracy after becoming romantically involved with Captain John "Calico Jack" Rackham, who would become famous for having these two notorious women serve under his command.
After leaving her husband and setting sail with Rackham, Bonny became famous for her success as a pirate and her effectiveness in combat even though she didn't command a ship.
Powney said she had been at home all day and didn't realize anyone had been killed until police converged on the cul de sac about 3 p. m.
She gave Bono and The Edge little alternative but to call her bluff.
Taken together, says Benowitz, these risks were enough to prompt the AHA to advise against depending on smokeless tobacco products either as an alternative to smoking or as a way to quit smoking.
The Bhopal gas tragedy has turned out to be a study in contrast between humanity and human rights.
The fall of the Bourbons was full of grandeur, not on their side, but on the side of the nation.
Pops: 50's. A World War One veteran who loves to make corny jokes. He joined the army to relieve his youth and get away from his wife.
Ms Pope is running against Jim Hoffa, the incumbent and son of Jimmy, the notorious labour leader who mysteriously disappeared in 1975.
"We have no real indication that the science of just a small amount [of] more fructose matters, " Popkin says.
Another favourite climate nostrum was upturned when Pope warned that the dramatic Arctic ice loss in recent summers was partly a product of natural cycles rather than global warming.
Mr Pope warned that US meat prices would rise by "significant double-digits" , or more than 10 per cent a year.
Pops Racer: You think you can drive a car and change the world?
A , rock'n roll, the United States sways the dance all to cowboy dance influence having got certainly.
Pop Art subject matter reflected the growing power of commercialism and cult of celebrity in the United States.
Pop artist Andy Warhol captures the iconic image of Neil Armstrong's first steps on the lunar surface in vivid neon pink, yellow and blue.
Pop art was an important modern art movement that aimed to show ordinary twentieth-century city life.
Popper philosophy affects on contemporary economics philosophy mostly, especially of his falsification criterion.
Pochettino is not the only ex-Newell's Old Boys defender to have been affected by the man they call El Loco.
Andrea Bocelli in Las VegasSwear to me, that even though much time passes, I'll never forget the moment that I met you.
Poseida was the planets most potent vortex portal complex at the time of Atlantis.
A son of Poseidon's, attempting to kidnap his daughter , made the war -god unhappy, so that he killed the youth without hesitation.
A son of Poseidon s, attempting to kidnap his daughter, made the war-god unhappy, so that he killed the youth Without he sitation.
Poseidon and Apollo wanted only the vine of gold as payment for their work.
Poseidon struck the ground with his trident and produced a horse, whereas Athena had an olive tree to present, an emblem of peace and plenty
Poseidon resided in a silver temple with an ivory roof, and a racecourse was built between the canals.
Posse gives them full scholarships and sends them to colleges and universities in teams of 10.
The Posse program has placed 3, 665 students in colleges and universities throughout the country.
Bosentan is a competitive blocker of endothelin receptors administered by the oral route.
Bosh hinted that he opted to join the Heat to assure himself of at least one elite teammate, with the hope of two.
Boston's Logan International Airport spent more than 30 years trying to overcome community opposition to a new runway.
'I don't think it represents the creation of an artificial life form, ' said biomedical engineer James Collins at Boston University.
Kenneth Freeman, dean of Boston University's School of Management, worries that interactive models verge on "gimmickry" .
Boston's The Eliot had touch-screen monitors for guests to order room service and print boarding passes.
The Celtics point guard returned from a dislocated left elbow and provided his team with the spark it had been missing.
Researchers in Boston have found substances in the blood of cancer patients that do not appear in healthy persons.
BOSTON: For most people, the word farm conjures up images of dairy cows out to pasture, or amber waves of grain.
Boston Habor is so polluted that scientists say it won't recover until the next century at least.
Police in Boston have urged the residents of the city to stay indoors and not to congregate in large groups.
Boston said that businesses in its area "continue to see demand growth" but that "many are toning down their outlooks" .
And Boston's transit authority said all bus, subway and commuter rail service would be suspended all day Sunday.
The main feature of Bostonian Confucianism is dialogue and that of Hawaii Confucianism is interpretation.
'It's kind of like a toaster, ' says Jeffery Lauria of iCorps Technologies, a Boston-based information technology provider.
Boston prepared to mourn them at a service with President Obama on Thursday.
China's consumers are set to catapult the country's tourism market past Japan's by 2020, according to Boston Consulting Group.
Chinese consumers are ready to shop but remain cautious in their spending, according to a recent survey by the Boston Consulting Group.
Boston Consulting Group's study found wealth in Asia ex-Japan grew the fastest of any region in 2010, increasing more than 17%.
Bose also crammed in sound-processing technology that improves both bass and treble and simulates surround sound.
Bo , a Portuguese water dog , feasted on a cake shaped like a dog house that was made out of veal .
Beam Divergence As through the air telecom signal go further, they diverge. Beam divergence measures that divergence.
The beam angle can badly influence the inspection ability of the single beam echo sounder.
The Persian 88 is equipped with two diesel engine MTU, 16 cylinders for 2000 horsepower each, that push the boat at a top speed of 44 knots.
Founded around 518 B. C. by Darius the Great, the site served as the ceremonial capital of the Achaemenid (or Persian) Empire.
Persia's Darius threatened lions for those who prayed to any God but himself.
How is Hiduism the worlds oldest religion, when Zoroastianism was practiced in Persia before anyone heard of Hinduisim? !
The Persian Empire stretched from Egypt to India, but conducted business in Aramaic, a desert tongue of the Fertile Crescent.
Dr Bousted also said the material that does the most damage to teachers' esteem is not necessarily defamatory or illegal.
Persia already numbered among its conquests the Greek cities of Ionia in Asia Minor, where Greek civilization first flourished.
People are increasingly coming together for these sorts of informal swaps, says Boston University economist Juliet Schor.
The Boston Consulting Group (BCG) calls it "the most powerful entity you never heard of" ; though it does not always get its way.
Boston Habor is so polluted that scientists say it won't recover until the next century at best.
Boston-native figure skater Tenley Albright was the first American woman to win an Olympic figure-skating gold medal.
The Persians, and Lydians, and the Libyans were thy soldiers in thy army: they hung up the buckler and the helmet in thee for thy ornament.
Persian cat is a cat in the noble, gentle disposition, smart agility, Shanjierenyi less good move quiet, mellow sounds thin, flighty love.
The Persian Rose skincare range is designed for those with sensitive skin and for those of us who simply love the rose.
Posner lays out clearly many of the present and future solvency and default risks to the United States federal government.
Posner was a member of one of Miami Beach's richest and most notorious families.
“The discussions we had were candid and constructive, including a range of areas where we disagree,” Posner said.
There is no doubt that Posner has been an independent thinker, never a passive follower of a party line.
As so often in Bosnia, the main prod to reform may come from outside.
The Bosnian Serbs torment them , humiliate them , take them hostage .
Bosnian women mourn over the coffin of a newly identified victim killed in the 1995 Srebrenica massacre.
Bosniaks are uncomfortable about this, but they have no wish for their country to become a terrorist base.
As Bosnia burned, Lord Hurd’s view was similar to that of Otto von Bismarck’s more than a century earlier when he declared that the Balkans were not worth the bones of a single Pomeranian grenadier.
Sarajevo, Bosnia: A man warms his hands at the eternal flame, a monument to victims of world war two.
The no-fly zone over Bosnia did not stop the massacre at Srebrenica in 1995.
A pedestrian passes a magnolia tree in bloom as it snows in the Bosnian capital Sarajevo.
The Persians called Mithras 'The Mediator' since he was believed to stand between the light of Ahura-Mazda and the darkness of Ahriman.
And wave after wave of Persian attack. . . will smash against Spartan shields.
Men of Persia, Lydia and Put served as soldiers in your army. They hung their shields and helmets on your walls, bringing you splendor.
They of Persia and of Lud and of Phut were in thine army, thy men of war: they hanged the shield and helmet in thee; they set forth thy comeliness.
Persian traders bring a large number of Roman glassware, African ivory, Persian silver gum, and so on.
Persian merchants are pleased to start off on a journey with this Baozhu return ship voyage down the river road, cross-strait picturesque.
Post's new products, marketed with some of the most persuasive advertising ever devised, brought him great wealth.
Postman remembers going out to play poker with his buddies when Sam was a few weeks old.
Mr. Post said he thought Ethan might be willing to apologize for not being more gentlemanly, but. Well.
The oil slick in the Persian Gulf seriously threatened the marine life around the sea .
Cyrus the Great, the founder of the Persian Empire, called himself "King of Iran" .
n epic poet whose Book of Kings (1010) recounts the history of Persia from the arrival of the Persia ns to the Arab conquest.
Persian itself would serve as a lingua-franca not at the time of the empire's greatest heights but roughly from 1000AD to 1800.
Wave-velocity test technique is one of seismic exploration methods. It is an easy, rapid and accurate method of in-site measurement.
The Borzoi should always possess unmistakable elegance, with flowing lines, graceful in motion or repose.
Mrs Bolton ate with Mrs Betts in the housekeeper's room, since they were all agreeable.
There was a terrible grace int eh move of the waves, and they came in silence, save for the snarling of the crests.
Rufus dreams of being a bear, and you want to shatter those dreams by saying he's just a dog?
The waves were running mountains high and the inky clouds were riven by forked lightning.
What Dr. Potter suggests, if possible, is a lateral move within your present organization, such as a move to another department or to a different position.
Like many Victorian parents, the Potters did not believe in female education either, despite young Beatrix's obvious intelligence.
Porter: However, Dr Nitschke says the states and territories have tried to deal with the right to refuse treatment.
She was admitted to hospital in March after taking an overdose of post-natal depression tablets.
Porter and her team found that this type of training allowed subjects to track scent trails faster and with greater accuracy.
Potter and Injun Joe were carrying a handbarrow with a rope and a couple of shovels on it.
"The Dark Lord didn't manage to kill you, Potter, and he so wanted to, " whispered Moody.
His soldiers remained there all day, out of the battle. Porter said later he believed the Confederate forces were too strong for his men.
Professor Porter: Shall I, ahem, leave you and the blackboard alone for a moment?
"Those tiny feet, soft downy heads and precious little features change all too soon, yet are something to remember for ever, " Potter said.
Potter looked at his enemy. "I ain't got a gun on me, Scratchy, " he said, "Honest, I ain't. " He was stiffening and steadying.
Kat, a stripper in Portland, says, "There are ladies who get really wild and are worse horndogs than male customers. "
The Blazers have been beset by so many injuries this season that the NBA granted the team an exemption to carry 16 players on its roster.
The shoreline around Portland Head Light alternates between rugged rock formations and beaches of smooth, sorted cobblestone.
Portland was a seaport, and this gave its citizens a breadth of view lacking in the more insular New England towns.
“Portland was a streetcar city, ” says Tom Miller, chief of staff for the city's mayor.
David Shaff, administrator of the city water bureau, said, the yuck factor was the primary reason for the decision.
Portland has a young nucleus and a lot of talent, but I wanted to be in a veteran situation.
Botero says, "if you're bombarded with violence, you become numb to it, and finally a participant.
Doctor Portman and Captain Glanders had to support the charges of the whole Clavering society against the young reprobate .
Portman went through intense ballet training to fit into the shoes of the prima ballerina.
Portmeirion, a pottery firm, says tea, "the big thing of the moment" , has revived demand for its wares.
Unknown tribe. Died in the Naval Hospital in Plymouth after a smallpox vaccination.
Potter, where would you look if I told you to find me a bezoar?
Porter's was an affluent world, a world rather remote from the struggles of everyday life.
The euro "can only be credible now if the ECB makes a statement that it stands unequivocally behind Italian banks, " Mr Portes said.
"POTTER! " Snape's face was twisted with fury as he dropped his robes quickly to hide his leg. Harry gulped.
"Potter! " said Snape suddenly. "What would I get if I added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood? "
“You can’t just eat that for two weeks and expect to be at your best, ” Mr. Porter said.
Dear Mr. Potter, we are please to inform you, that you have been accepted at Hogwart's School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
It took Porter four false starts before he found the courage to ring the first doorbell.
Thus he left all that he had in Joseph's hand, and he did not know what he had except for the bread which he ate.
An exhausted Mr. Boettiger spoke as he carried an elderly woman suffering from shock out of her badly damaged apartment building.
I had also been encouraged to do this by Boston mayor Ray Flynn, an ardent Irish Catholic and a strong supporter of mine.
The portion a long the Potomac, 296 kilometers or 184 miles long, was completed to Cumberland in western Maryland in 1850.
Boileau has endeavoured to inculcate the same notion in several parts of his writings, both in prose and verse.
Each tribe within the Powhatan empire had its own chief, or weroance, and Powhatan ruled as the chief of these chiefs.
Powhatan was an astute and energetic ruler, but he was also noted as being strict and occasionally cruel toward his subjects.
Dried Paphia undulata muscles made by way of seasoning, steeping and drying have better flavor and rich nutrition.
Preparation of the nutrient oral liquid with the paphia undulate meat and the pineapple liquid
Wavy Edge: Look for the area at the edge of the disc where the copper color has a clean , wavy effect .
CHATTER : Surface defect on a given piece of product; defect appears as a wavy pattern of lines.
Both a pressure analysis and a blind plate force calculation are made for a corrugated expansion joint in a pressure equilibrium state.
Valves with bellows seals shall be furnished with a pressure gauge as an indicator when bellows have a leak.
Bellows is a kind of elastic thin-walled shell structures with high torsion stiffness, but it is apt to be buckled .
The moire bugle, wave separator and gear case is important part of process planning for antennae components.
Ripple surface: It can be used for frying beef burger , sliced meat, meat roll, vegetable , kabob ang fruit etc.
Corrugation is reduced due to the extended nature of the stone's contact line with the rail.
The presence of striation area is one of the main characteristic on the surface generated by abrasive jet.
The Bohemian Club is a rich-man's organization that holds a two-week "holiday camp" in mid-July each year.
Bohemian girl Esmeralda is the darling of the Paris street, Maiyi living on the streets.
Pirsig's mechanic is idiotic because he fails to grasp his public role, which entails, or should, a relation of active concern to others, and to the machine. He is not involved.
BOSSY: Just wine is enough. . . OK! If you don't take it, I'll get it myself!
Boximiya's glamour, come from actually what at it those hide is traitorous , small unruly.
The bohemian Liber NY's "Brooklyn Meets Hawaii" line transforms formal attire such as tuxedos into casual, beachy clothes.
Bohemia may be only a figment of Mr. Lauren's fashion imagination, but he made it sweet and compelling.
Posey is the Celtics beat the Lakers win the key replacement, but they are not able to leave.
Portia feared that a man she did not like would find the picture, but she had to obey what her father had decided.
Then Portia entered the court. She was dressed so well that Bassanio didn't know that this was his wife.
a wave that repeats , like the one above , is called a periodic wave.
The composite box girder with corrugated steel webs is a new structure applying external prestressing technique to bridge construction.
b. Undulating baseline. Alternating tachycardia and bradycardia, often with reduced variability between the wide swings in heart rate.
Waveform distortion of super low frequency standard shaker is an important factor which influences the calibration precision.
Pausch maintains his most formidable brick wall was a beautiful graduate student named Jai Glasgow.
Primary waves compress and dilate the matter they travel through (either rock or liquid) similar to sound waves.
missile cavalry These young adventurers wear light mail or light brigandine armour and carry a javelin and an axe .
Boyd's execution was carried out after North Carolina Governor Mike Easley and the U.S. Supreme Court denied his final pleas for clemency.
Speaking from her home in Scotland, Ms Boyle said that despite the attention, she hasn't succumbed to pressure to radically change her appearance.
Boyle is a charity volunteer who says she has never been kissed and lives alone in Blackburn, near Edinburgh, with a cat called Pebbles.
Boethius' thoughts and reflections are written in prose, whilst the wisdom of his interlocutor, Philosophy, appears in verse.
"There's everything from action and adventure, comedy, animation and a choreographed musical number that just stays with you, " Boyle said.
Aircraft such as the Boeing 707, the F-86 Sabre Jet, and the P-51 Mustang are among the important machines that have flown our skies.
The Boeing 747-200 Freighter is an earlier model of the Boeing 747-400 Freighter. These aircraft can carry up to 105 tonnes of cargo.
Boeing chief 747 pilot Mark Feuerstein and co-pilot Paul Stemer kept Boeing's biggest bird aloft for four hours and 25 minutes.
Boeing's initial 787 Dreamliner sits at the fuel dock at the company's giant Everett, Wash. , manufacturing facility.
The Dreamliner's much-delayed maiden test-flight is due to take place by the end of the year.
Boeing argues that its tanker is less risky and costly than its rival's and that the air force's evaluation process was flawed.
The changes will cut down on passenger fatigue, dry eyes and headaches, Boeing said.
He said work also is underway to increase the number of providers on Boeing's MRO network (currently six) to boost gear overhaul capacity.
Boeing's ATL industry team includes L-3 Communications/Brashear, which made the laser turret, and HYTEC Inc., which made various structural elements of the weapon system.
Boeing's study also revealed that the shortages might continue into 2012, even if fastener makers had increased capacity.
Boeing Company, the leading manufacturer of the aircraft, product nothing but only the cockpit and the wingtips.
A Boeing spokeswoman said the company 'offered assistance as needed during the maintenance procedure' and the plane has returned to service.
Boeing's Chief Pilot Randy Neville said he believed this is the first feature passengers will notice about the new plane.
Boeing began developing the new GCU in 2007 to provide a common guidance system for Block II and future versions of the Harpoon missile.
Boeing says it's come up with a fix including more heat insulation for lithium-ion battery along with other measures.
Boeing is not the only airplane manufacturer bringing new planes onto the market.
Boeing says the Intercontinental is capable of carrying up to 467 passengers and has a range of about 7, 000 miles.
Boeing's commercial-aeroplane unit already endured a strike by union machinists that lasted 58 days and ended earlier this month.
The Boeing Company's Subsonic Ultra Green Aircraft Research, or SUGAR, team examined five concepts.
Boeing will finish designing the truck laser weapon, and then build and evaluate a rugged beam-control laser weapon sight system on a heavy expanded mobility tactical truck.
Boeing will decide in the next few months whether to embark on a revamp of its 737 single-aisle jetliner line.
Boeing will design and manufacture the 702 model spacecraft at its satellite factory in El Segundo, Calif.
Boeing might have mocked up the 777 cockpit just to see if all the switches could be reached from the pilot's seat.
The suite of Boeing-produced training devices provides comprehensive, high-fidelity training for Longbow aircrews and maintenance personnel.
Boeing is not actually reducing the amount of work it does in Washington.
Boeing flight test crews kept busy Sunday, and the day was far from over after the 747-8 Intercontinental landed.
Boeing said it had not yet made the decision to delay delivery again. But it said recent issues had "pushed our schedule margin a bit" .
Boeing's investment in this technology eliminates obsolescence and will give Harpoon customers a weapon system with the flexibility to upgrade to meet current and future needs.
Boeing hopes the craft will be in orbit within four years - and start a new era of cheap, manned, commercial space flight.
Boeing hopes the distinctive look of the plane, as well as its aerodynamics, will make it a hit with carriers.
Boeing is developing unmanned spy aircraft capable of staying aloft using hydrogen power for five years without refuelling.
The aeronautical engineer from Seattle works for Boeing, and he said: 'This is an F-22 at Miramar at the top of a loop.
Boeing has delivered more than 7, 100 Harpoon missiles to the United States and 28 allied partners.
Boeing expects to start removing shuttle platforms and modifying the hangar to suit its own purposes in the next few months.
The Dynamic Advanced Radar Test (DART) facility represents a $10 million investment for the company.
Since the company announced the latest delay last week, its customers have voiced their disappointment and frustration.
Boeing's experience as a system-of-systems integrator will help ensure IBCS increases warfighter effectiveness against these threats.
Boeing officials suggest that this is too pessimistic. More details should emerge in October, with Boeing's third-quarter results.
Boeing and Niowave's collaboration also includes the Office of Naval Research and the Naval Postgraduate School.
Boeing and Lockheed Martin have submitted futuristic concepts that look similar to the Concorde, but aim to muffle the annoying and potentially damaging sonic boom problem.
is boeing going to pay tax on this profit or get a subsidy for sending jobs to china?
Boeing cut the cost of making fuselages by selling a factory in Wichita to a private-equity consortium, which drastically cut costs.
Boeing's approach incorporates a series of commercial-off-the-shelf, state-of-the-art lasers used in the automotive industry.
Following the attainment of aerial supremacy, stealth would no longer be a major requirement, said Boeing.
Boeing said the F-15SE will have 85% platform compatibility with the F-15K, simplifying logistics and training.
Boeing lauds the F-15SE's payload, which it claims is the highest in the competition, as well as a unique "stealthy-when-needed" feature.
Boeing has continued to fund a stealthy, fighter-sized drone called the Phantom Ray at company expense.
Secondary waves propagate through rock but are not able to travel through liquid.
wave of colombia once said , " chest aspirations , " hwamei old phrase : a blueprint for the heart - have become.
Bobby wanted to stay up to watch the late night movie, but he zonked out five minutes after it started.
Bohr's thinking began to extend to the philosophical implications of his scientific investigations.
Bohr was able to predict the wave lengths of the light from the makeup of the atom, and the jump from electron orbit to electron orbit.
The new charter will give sweeping rights to the country's 36 indigenous groups (some of whom number only a few hundred people).
Bolivia has 47 trillion cubic feet of proven and probable natural gas reserves, one of the largest deposits of the fuel in South America.
It is proved that thermal insulation glazed hollow bead concrete shear wall structure system is a good self-insulation structural system.
Bo changes a brick: this is a kind of high temperature of the porcelain tiles, ceramic tile is all the most hard one.
Rim of the tumbler must to smooth, the height difference is no more than 0. 5mm.
The tea in the cups shone faintly, in each cup a floating silver disc swaying slightly with the movement of the boat.
Vitreous material to move the door or other glass transparent in surface should be colored, or have obvious pattern.
The common ancestor of the glass wing is long extinct but the clade it belongs to is known as the clearwing clade .
The windows will insulate almost as well as the walls they are connected to.
Glass is best for optical clarity and scratch resistance, but they can shatter on impact.
Chemical composition of glass is often dictated by the economics of available raw materials.
The basic ingredients in glass, including silica sand and soda ash, are found almost everywhere.
Shards of glass cut into his hands, but Hughes ignored the streaming blood.
The colour or glass type of the vial under test does not influence the result.
The bell of the glass is stylish and elegant expression for the vitality and yet elegant space.
While the glass lamp rebukes the earthen for calling it cousin the moon rises, and the glass lamp, with a bland smile, calls her
GlassPoint seems to have found a neat solution to this: it puts its mirrors indoors.
The curtains that wrap around the interior, and stop just a few inches above the beds, only give the perception of privacy.
Glass shattered and growls filled the cool morning air. Her eyes snapped open to see Mikey trying to push his way through the window.
The non-porous surface of the fiberglass prevents it from being contaminated by the water.
The lining process of handmade glass fibre reinforced plastics is finished and the quality is hard to control.
A fiberglass window can provide more insulation and a better fit than any other material, and the same goes for fiberglass doors.
FRP duct is one of the company's main products in the market a greater price advantage, but also to the scene around the construction.
Missile packing box of FRP sandwich construction has higher stiffness, strength and stability than ribbed FRP missile packing box , it can meet higher requirement of product design.
Pipes of Glass Fibre Reinforced Plastics with Sands Used in Water Supply and Sewerage Engineering
Application of Sand Filled Fiber Glass Reinforced Plastic Pipe in Raw Water Conveyance Line for a Nuclear Power Station
Don't forget, fiberglass is regularly used in the manufacture and repair of boats, which have to endure far more damaging water conditions.
Fiberglass can be used for both internal and external doors, but it is with the external doors that the greatest benefit will be felt.
Fiberglass doors are less likely to warp and let in cold air than wooden doors, and fiberglass window frames have a totally unique benefit.
It provides a solid decking surface to protect the superstructure and is preferable to steel grating.
Fiberglass is an amazingly tough and versatile material, and it is ideally suited to many household and commercial applications.
Another great advantage of fiberglass spas is that they are so easy to clean and maintain.
Fiberglass spas and pools are also able to withstand the harshest of climatic conditions, and the temperature changes which accompany them.
Glass and a Half Full Productions, home of Cadbury Dairy Milk, the gorilla and trucks.
The glass and steel structure of the new addition provides a dynamic counterpoint to the polychromatic facades of the heritage buildings.
Study of vitrification was focused on various embryo cells researches, while there was scarcely research into sheep skin bioprocessing.
Experiments showed that progressive failure was the main feature of glass epoxy cylindrical shells subjected to axial impact.
Methods of Eliminating the Magnetization of the Holder and Glass in Determining Curie Temperatures of Magneto-optic Recording Films
Vitreous furniture can build elegant and a pure and noble, free from vulgarity household atmosphere.
The glass will be colour-segregated and used to make new amber and flint bottles.
One of the outstanding promising properties of glassy metals is their high strength combined dawn high mwhichleeability.
The glass, metal ends and mercury are all captured and reused, but the rare earths used in the bulbs end up in landfills.
One of the most promising properties of glassy metals is their high strength combined with high malleability .
Glass wine goblets are especially resonant because of their hollow tubular shape, which is why they make a pleasant ringing sound when clinked.
Glass ionomer cement(GIC)has been used for a long time as a traditional clinic restore material.
The graphically illustrated elements displayed on it were derived from the architecture and the surrounding landscape.
Glass flakes dispersed through the coating prevent the ingress of water vapour and chemical solutions.
Flag of vitreous stair suitable Dali is winding and go up, collect massiness is lightsome at a suit, extend fluent.
Glass mists up because of sudden condensation when warm, humid air comes into contact with a cold surface.
Glass cotton seams of should as far as possible, avoid to produce close aperture, tape will all juncture stickup and firm.
Glass cotton and wool rock in a on function have similarities, but the feel is good in rock wool, can improve the labor premise.
It is prey of many deep-sea fish (eg goblin sharks) as well as whales and oceanic seabirds. (Photo by Peter Batson)
Glass curtain has a variety of normative forms, this makes it easy to design glass curtain by developing and using professional software.
glass . resistance to attack by hydrochloric acid at 100 degrees celsius . flame emission or flame atomic absorption spectrometric method.
Manipulator industrial robot systems traditional mandate, Robot is one of the key components.
Adhesive compound was not used to attach the glass pieces to avoid errors due to non-uniform compound thickness.
Infusion bottles and infusion packaging has long been the main form of our present, about 70% of our infusion still use glass bottles.
Glassware, cup and saucer are placed to your right, while the napkin, bread plate and butter spreader to your left.
Glassware, tableware, cooking utensils glass, everyday use household utensils, glass jar pots and so on drink, liquor, medicine.
The naturally slick surface of glassware doesn't give much traction for the egg whites to climb the bowl.
Glass fiber in renewable PET, greatly accelerate the rate of crystallization which can shorten the molding cycle when injection.
Once the fiberglass resin has set, the mold can be removed, and wedges are used to take the mold off the plug.
The glass fiber is very thin, belongs to the very crisp textile fiber type, very easy to jab into the skin, must therefore protect well.
The glass fiber core comes in one of two basic types: multimode fiber for distances up to 10km and single-mode fiber for longer distances.
Glass fiber is usually used as the reinforcing material, for both lightness and strength.
The advanced performances of epoxy glass fibre reinforced plastic have been proved through reports of many practice application examples.
Our fiberglass reinforced pipe and fittings are manufactured in utilizing state of the art equipment processes and technologies.
GLASS FIBRE REINFROCED CORRUGATED OR RIBBED POLYESTER SHEETS. STATIC DEFLECTION TESTS UNDER DISTRIBUTED LOAD.
The glass walls are connected to the beams, and to the glass floor, with stainless-steel bolts.
explaining precisely to the heavy pressure, the modern people who are unsettled and bring some sense of Flying relaxed mood.
Our Organdy ribbon, available in three different styles: pla in, crystal and rainbow, has an elegance far superior to any other.
Organdy fabric with embroidery, using high quality imported thread, the edge was cut by handwork, soft and bright, suitable for wedding dress or curtain, etc.
The glass mountain stands at the corner of Thirteenth Street and Eighth Avenue.
Shading of glass to reduce unwanted heat gain is critical . Unprotected glass is often the greatest source of unwanted heat gain in a home .
A few light taps upon the pane made him turn to the window. It had begun to snow again.
There is a trait of slime left by a snail on the glass.
Homogeneous degree, moisture and temperature are the main technology of blended materials in the production of glass.
A glass is an inorganic nonmetallic material that does not have a crystalline structure. Such materials are said to be amorphous.
The processing course of having the glass double straight line flat edges roughly and finely polished as well can be finished at one time .
Micro-structure and the strength can be improved, defect can be removed by the means of glass-ceramic composite.
Vitreous hemorrhages present as hazy vision and photophobia with the perception of shadows, floaters, smoke signals, cobwebs, or lines in the visual field.
A clinical study of vitrectomy and internal limiting membrane peeling for traumatic macular hole .
Vitrectomy combined with radial equatorial sclerotomy is an effective treatment for latent suprachoroidal hemorrhage.
IVF has played an essential role in Denmark in terms of keeping up the number of population.
Vitreous detachment displays abnormal shape presented as flat posterior boundary and fluid area between vitreous and eyeball .
Native to Venezuela, the Glass Frogs belong to the amphibian family Centrolenidae (order Anura).
Native to Venezuela, the Glass Frogs belong to the amphibian family Centrolenidae (order Anura).
The vitrified surface of glass microspheres can realize the chemical corrosion resistant, and reflex action on light.
Micro-glass bead, which is the key factor in this technique, is of utmost importance in its success.
The heat accumulation of glasshouse were so serious that it required the highly volume ventilation.
The main pavilion of The Glass House sits on a promontory overlooking a pond with views towards the woods beyond. Each of the exterior walls contains a centrally located glass door.
Damage to the glassware etc. is due to stevedores' careless handling at the loading port.
It takes glass one million years to decompose, which means it never wears out and can be recycled an infinite amount of times!
Cellophane also called transparent paper and is available for a variety of packing up, is a high-end decorative outer package.
The optical nonlinear phenomena could be observed obviously around the absorption peak, due to the surface plasmon resonance.
Effect of Glass Agent on the Characteristic Constants of Thick Film NTC Thermistor
Glass decorative graphic design diversity, the larger richer personality, or exquisite flowers, or grandiose , or even mysterious flavor.
Polynesian Pirates Polynesia is a grouping of thousands of small islands that are located in the Pacific Ocean.
Bolívar is Chávez’s political muse; Chávez quotes and invokes him constantly, and is unabashed about his desire to resuscitate Bolívar’s dream of a united Latin America.
He was lucky to survive in the two-day journey crossing Bolivia's Andean Altiplano, where temperatures at night can fall below freezing.
The Delegation of Bolivia stated that , as a megadiverse country , it attached great importance to the work of the IGC .
The Delegation of Bolivia thanked the Chair for the effort that had gone into the preparation of the paper.
The Delegation of Bolivia said that it just wanted to repeat very briefly some its positions on the issues they were discussing .
The Delegation of Bolivia stated that the development issue was the main challenge of the century.
Bolivia is bounded on the north and east by Brazil, on the south by Argentina and Paraguay, and on the west by Peru and Chile.
A Bolivian religious fanatic briefly hijacked a Mexican airliner , ordering it to circle Mexico City.
Evo Morales, Bolivia's first president of Indian descent, is regarded by many as a champion of the poor.
A former commander of Bolivia's counter-narcotics police was arrested in Panama and extradited to the United States last month.
Bolivia's defense minister said the central government has sent food to the affected areas, supplies and pharmaceuticals.
Bolivia has arrested three other police officers suspected of helping him smuggle cocaine to the US.
The Draft Civil Code of Bolivia , Peru , Puerto Rico and the last Argentine draft regulate these rights .
A landlocked country of western South America. It was named after Sim? Bol? ar who helped win its independence from Spain in1825.
Bolivia held its first ever "National Day of the Pedestrian" , banning all cars and public transport from the streets.
Bolivians face a polarizing choice in a presidential vote set for Sunday between a leftist coca farmer and a conservative former president.
Bolivia continues to clamour for its lost outlet to the sea. Apart from a minor quibble over the land border, Peru makes no such claim.
Bolivia's Foreign Ministry said they will arrange an air journey for Zenobia to meet her son in Chile.
Bolivia may have been an irritant and an obstruction but the other negotiators knew it was right about this.
Bolivia prepared to pass the Law of Mother Earth, which will grant nature rights equal to those of humans, although it is not yet clear how the legislation will be implemented.
EL ALTO, the de facto capital of Bolivia's indigenous Indians, is a massive, poor semi-slum constructed from charmless cinder bricks.
Bolivia's government recently passed a law allowing it to close media that publish content it deems racist.
Bolivia is considering pulling out of the convention if its modest proposal is struck down.
The president of Bolivia, Evo Morales, was a militant coca grower prior to his Presidency and passionately defends coca growing and chewing.
David Bohm wrote from the most general view about the oneness of the mind and the body.
Bohm recorded much of Strauss's music: both orchestral (here) and opera, for DG, Decca, and other labels later on in his career.
Sodium Hyaluronate improves elasticity and hydration by retaining 1000 times its own weight in water.
It was found in clotting experiment that mid and high dose of total flavonoids of Bauhinia aurea Levl could prolong clotting time of mice.
Both it and its companions would then decay almost instantly into a plethora of less fleeting bits, some of which could be detected.
In Situ FTIR Spectroelectrochemical Study of Palladium Hexacyanoferrate Thin Film Deposited on Glassy Carbon Electrode
Spinach promote insulin secretion, known as the "king of vegetables" reputation, can eat.
Spinach , egg-plant , cabbage, cauliflower , cucumber and turnip are our fabourite vegetables .
Spinach, leeks, rape, KongXinCai, you are all my food, Radish and cabbage martini, you don't love here, I'll love.
Spinach, squash, broccoli, wheat bran, halibut, almonds, cashews, soybeans, legumes, shredded wheat, oatmeal, bananas, and even in dairy products, chocolate and meat.
Cut spinach into small sections, parboil until cooked, squeeze to drain, then add into the minced pork, stir up to form stuffing.
Spinach, salad, and other leafy vegetables protect the eyes and the heart, among other important body parts.
Spinach : dark leafy greens are good for your health and a home remedy for so many ailments.
Creak slightly crispy spinach, green mustard and sesame paste mixture of taste is absolutely to attract your taste buds, I go out.
How much is the spinach? Jim: It's ninety-nine cents a pound. Customer: How much are the eggs?
Gorgonzola + Apple (Black pepper dressing) Spinach, radicchio, pecans , apples, raisins and gorgonzola.
In spinach it was more than seven times higher. The spinach also contained slightly higher amounts of cesium-137.
Spinach trace elements contained in the material, promote human metabolism, to promote good health.
Polly wants a cracker Maybe she would like more food She asks me to untie her A chase would be nice for a few
Pineapple is liked by a number of musicians, singers and actors, because they want to memorize a lot of music, lyrics and lines.
Canned pineapple, some soups, and a few other products also came up negative.
Pineapple contain special protease, among stomach decomposing protein, complement body digestive enzymes is insufficient, help digesting.
Pineapple: Buy more than a dozen pineapples to be housed in various rooms and furniture inside, can absorb the odor.
Pineapple Raspberry gratifying taste good shape, will soon become the new fruit on the table.
The allergen in jackfruit does not on its own sensitize the immune system, but once birch pollen has done the job, the immune system may react to jackfruit too.
Pineapple: sauna room, put pineapple odor can be among a few, refrigerator will do.
The blend of pineapple, peach, mango , strawberry and vanilla with a touch of Egyptian Musk that is Ecstasy is a yummy treat!
pineapples we headed to the fishing boat that we were sure caught fish and also killed dolphins in the process.
We surrounded it with a wreath of shiny apples and cascading bunches of grapes in alternating colors of red and green.
Bozhou has 5000 years of history of civilization, the ancient culture of the Chinese nation is the birthplace of one of the.
Job 12: 11 Doth not the ear try words? and the mouth taste his meat?
Job 12: 16 With him is strength and wisdom, the deceived and the deceiver are his.
Job 13: 16 He also shall be my salvation, for an hypocrite shall not come before him.
Job 15: 7 Art thou the first man that was born? or wast thou made before the hills?
Job 16: 4 I also could speak as ye do, if your soul were in my soul's stead, I could heap up words against you, and shake mine head at you.
Job 16: 6 Though I speak, my grief is not asswaged, and though I forbear, what am I eased?
Job 20: 14 Yet his meat in his bowels is turned, it is the gall of pass within him.
Job 26: 14 Lo, these are parts of his ways, but how little a portion is heard of him? but the thunder of his power who can understand?
Job 39: 20 Canst thou make him afraid as a grasshopper? the glory of his nostrils is terrible.
Job 41: 7 Canst thou fill his skin with barbed irons? or his head with fish spears?
Job 8: 11 Can the rush grow up without mire? can the flag grow without water?
Bocheng had strong Party spirit. This was especially evident in the way he always subordinated his own interests to the general interests.
Comrade Bocheng was a great Intellectual and a great strategist In our Party and army.
Byrd hated the line-item veto with a passion most people reserve for more personal injuries, and I don’t think he ever forgave me for signing the bill.
Byrd continued his consistent showings in recent days with a round of 67, comprising seven birdies and a solitary bogey.
Bode Miller races during the FIS Alpine Ski World Cup giant slalom December 20 in Alta Badia, Italy.
legend has it that a very loyal collie guarded his dead master for days after the man died while tending sheep in the hills;
"They're very opportunistic, " Bird said. "They're omnivores , and can eat anything, cedar tree seeds, fruit, things like that, apples. "
Borden said the incident would have been funny except for the fact that he was issued a citation for disorderly conduct.
Borden: What I didn't count on was that when I incorporated this bloke into my act, he had complete power over me.
Burton Edelstein: Control of the diet, the regular use of fluoride toothpaste, good ongoing supervision by a dentist.
He said: "The inspectors need to report so the people of Longbridge can have closure concerning the closure. "
Burton didn't like what he was hearing, but he was wise enough to keep his thoughts to himself.
Burton quips, then grins widely and continues, "No, it’s a very nice place.
Burton: The whole sketching and drawing process to me is the equivalent to how some people write notes.
Burton had the impression that he was dependable, not afraid of relating himself to it and a fairly exact observer.
Burton idealized the erotic liberty of the East, but he was onto something.
The dog seemed to pay rapt attention to Burton when he spoke, but responded to Taylor as if she wasn't there.
Burton Cole, a former mercenary, is offered one last contract and the chance to settle an old score with Hochburg.
Burton accurately conveyed, for the first time, the sexual frankness of the original.
Burton says the security situation in parts of the country has severely impeded efforts to develop government infrastructure.
While the phases of the moon might have a minimal effect on small movements of the tectonic plates, Burton says that the correlation with major seismic activity is near nonexistent.
'I thought it would take a lot more marketing effort to convince people to buy gold in a securitized form, ' said Mr. Burton.
"I've been hairy for so long that it just seems normal to me, " says Burton, "but I do feel that at the moment women do not have a choice about hair . . .
"This is not a time to be picking someone untested to run against Obama, " Burton says.
In southern Afghanistan, Burton says the central government struggles to provide even basic services.
Burton's famous footnotes, which run to thousands of pages, are a smorgasbord of strange lore.
Mr. Burton also said that he sees his version of "Alice in Wonderland" as primarily a lark, surreal and comedic but essentially benign.
Mr. Burton now says he does not like the campaign finance rules, which the Supreme Court helped create, but is unwilling to cede the advantage to the Republicans.
Burton: There's a trend right now, where every TV show is remade, and there's a certain idea of safety in certain properties.
Burton grew up in Manchester and studied at Central St Martin's College in 1997.
Burton knew that the real rival for the affections of Liz Taylor wasn't Eddie Fisher; it was the memory of Mike Todd.
75And Peter remembered the word of Jesus which he had said: Before the cock crow, thou wilt deny me thrice.
74Then he began to curse and to swear that he knew not the man.
And Peter remembered the word that Jesus had said unto him: Before the cock crow twice, thou shalt thrice deny me.
And Peter said to her: Tell me, woman, whether you sold the land for so much? And she said: Yea, for so much.
Bourne is currently looking for $4 million in venture capital to take the BPP from prototype to production.
Before Bjorn and I have sex, I rub a topical anesthetic on my vagina and take long, deep breaths to relax.
Prof Bourne foresees a day when robots will do all the making, leaving people to the designing.
My Lord Bern, " said Caspian, " we must talk of the state of these Islands. But first what is your Lordship's own story?
Burnley, Porto, Hull City and West Ham all dispatched until it all came crashing down at St Andrews.
Burnley are like Korea - and no, not the North because they are a wee bit old fashioned.
Burnley survived and hit back through Graham Alexander's first-half penalty, leaving Wenger to reflect on what might have been.
The project is being carried out by Bournemouth University with the Primate Evolution and Morphology Group at the University of Liverpool.
Bourne Energy CEO Chris Catlin estimates the system will cost $3, 000 after it goes into production.
The Burne-Jones revival may still have to put down deep roots, but Fiona MacCarthy has brought him vividly to life.
Burne-Jones was a selfish Victorian in need of constant reassurance, but his biographer forgives him.
'He wanted to put in fluorescent lights, ' said Mr. Bourne. 'Ah. No. '
Burns described as “significant” Russia’s agreement on the transit of equipment to Afghanistan.
Burns says the territorial dispute is something New Delhi and Islamabad do need to discuss, but with the desires of the Kashmiris in mind.
The assistant secretary said the agreement would bring several benefits to India, the United States and the international community.
Burns is the very type of a most original force in letters, he was of all men the most imitative .
U. S. assistance to Pakistan has strengthened significantly the country's capability to combat extremist forces, Burns said.
“An architecture of free trade and investment that connects India to Southeast and East Asia will have a profound impact on global trade and economic growth, ” Burns said.
Burns described Russia as "a pivotal actor" in engaging Iran to ensure it does not acquire a nuclear weapon.
Bernstein said he has "great respect" for Druckenmiller, but that consequences of a brief default might be too severe for the U. S. economy.
Ms Bernstein cites the example of white-owned shops in South Africa under apartheid.
This notion, if taken seriously, is "incomprehensible" , says Ms Bernstein. Profits are easy to measure.
Mr Bernstein said that Israel's assertion that it was acting in self-defence against Hamas rockets should have been factored in.
Brad Hintz of Bernstein Research notes that the share of the industry's capital held in such illiquid investments is growing very fast.
CB: Well I am not so much a theorist as a practitioner who reflects on his practice.
Mr. Bernstein expects corporate and municipal bonds to drop much more drastically if the Treasury market is hit by default or downgrade.
Writing in The International Herald Tribune, Bernstein cited that humble act of kindness as a mark of greatness he has never forgotten.
Burns first worked for Xerox in 1980 as a summer intern and joined a year later after her master's degree.
Burns: We have been so fortunate, as friends and colleagues, to collect unbelievable, unique experiences in so many places.
pug got along well with burne - wilke , who had fully grasped the landing craft problem.
mr bowen , you ' re lucky to have such a gourmet cook as your wife.
Dr. Berman and his colleagues are now trying to figure out exactly what elements of natural environments trigger the cognitive benefits.
Ms. Berman said she was hired for her familiarity with Western modern dance rather than a knowledge of China.
Article 11bis of the Berne Convention operates with the same concept of broadcasting.
Bourne and colleagues suggest that it is the collective effect of these weak interactions that leads to the clinical efficacy of Nelfinavir.
He chuckles at it but gesticulates wildly while expounding on the benefits of fast fashion and saving Italian manufacturing.
Mr. Bertelli: Yes. I'm for a solidarity tax if it supports a development program.
Perseus : No! That door was my only escape! I have faced test after test in search of the Sisters.
In a Washington File interview, Burr said most people would agree that such "user-empowering" technology is important for families.
My uncle is a scientist. But he believes the love is real, a kind of natural phenomenon. He believed that love could outlive death.
Burgher's wife said she likes his new look. "Beneath the eyebrows is a really handsome man, " she said. "He looks like a normal person. "
Bogey 's voice is breaking. When he speaks he rushes up and down the scale.
One of Bergman's turning points during his years of film and theater production occurred during a hospital stay.
Henry Bergson established his irrational philosophy , which put the emphasis on creation , intuition, irrationality and unconsciousness .
Burgh's quest to cure himself began last month, shortly after he was told the cancer in his thigh had spread to his lungs.
China's interests should make it a guardian of an open world trade regime, Mr. Bergsten says.
Bogs steps to Andy , pulls out an awl with a vicious eight -inch spike, gives him a good long look at it.
The team hopes to test the device in monkeys next, in the hope it could one day help people who suffer from memory loss due to dementia, stroke or brain injury.
Berg has not found how to face Hannah, how to deal with such a father's terrible history of this period.
Berg in working out a logical sequence of events in the king's aggressive programme places its conquest in 1289 or early 1290.
Mr Burgess is one of several well-known industry names to join Threadneedle over the past year.
It all started in the spring of her *freshman year when her *pushy mother called and insisted she get an internship.
Mr. Burgess made a slit in the sack , slid his hand in, and brought out an envelope.
"It makes the main ingredient look even more appetising and the first mouthful even more delicious, " Berger explained with a smile.
heap . . . on Burgin heaped scorn on painting and sculpture which he described as pointless pastimes.
Birkin watched the black-clothed form of the other man move out of the door, the bright head was gone, he turned over to sleep.
Perkins never regained the mobility he had before the injury, but he was able to resume full-time work.
The Earl brought the Queen of Scots to Tutbury Castle, an ancient grey tower on the borders of Derbyshire and Staffordshire.
Earl Grey tea is a world favourite and very popular here in Australia, while in China the market is still young.
His lordship's head was buried in her breasts, his hands locked around her hips. Jaime cleared his throat. "Lord Jonos. "
Earl's arrival could mark the start of at least 24 hours of stormy, windy weather along the East Coast.
The Countess put the branch among the fresh and green beech trees, and she smiled with satisfaction.
COUNTESS: (standing up straight, speaking with authority) Your Highness. I'll get Doctor Bonnachoven.
Countess Bezuhov had some right to her reputation of being a fascinating woman.
The countess shook her head disapprovingly and wrathfully at every solemn expression in the manifesto.
COUNTESS: Oh, and your slippers . Please put on your slippers and come away at the window. Your milk and crackers.
The countess had not time to answer her before Prince Andrey with a troubled and serious face walked into the drawing-room.
For a whole fortnight the countess sat in a low chair by his pillow, never taking off her clothes.
COUNTESS: Now my dear, if you don't mind tomorrow's schedule--or schedule whichever you prefer-- both are correct.
The countess was left in the country, and towards the end of January the count took Sonya and Natasha with him to Moscow.
the countess had fallen asleep , and the count put off their departure till morning and went to bed.
the countess thought a moment , and took a pinch from a golden snuff - box with her husbands portrait on it.
COUNTESS: One o'clock sharp, lunch with the Foreign Ministry. You will wear your white lace and carry a small bouquet of very small pink roses.
The Countess greeted them with her grave smile, and Archer, feeling his host's admonitory glance on him, rose and surrendered his seat.
The countess, with a deep sob, hid her face on her daughter's bosom, while Nikolay got up, clutched at his head, and went out of the room.
The Countess dutifully admired the pictures, but offered no opinion as to which the Queen should choose.
It was an order the count had just given, for immediately Ali went noiselessly , and returned, bearing a black dress and a three-cornered hat.
Countess Gemimi's exposure of his love affair with Madame Merle is another reason for Isabel's resistance to Osmond .
Your excellency, I regret to say that, not knowing it was necessary to COME provided with these papers, I neglected to bring them.
berg smiled gleefully . the count and the guests after him went into the drawing - room.
The count was only a few paces away, running awkwardly because of his tied hands, when he tripped and fell.
On the day the count left, Sonya and Natasha were invited to a big dinner-party at Julie Karagin's, and Marya Dmitryevna took them.
the count is a speculator , who will certainly ruin himself in experiments.
said the count , with that calm tone and penetrating eye which characterize the man who knows his cause is good.
Monte Cristo took off the wig which disfigured him, and let fall his black hair, which added so much to the beauty of his pallid features.
Count, I held my sabre in my left hand. All my family, count, the Von Bergs , have been knights.
they exchanged a silent chuckle . the count must be looking charmingly happy all alone in there.
British nobleman next in rank above a viscount and below a marquis, corresponding to a count in continental Europe.
The count, by any opening from the bedroom, or by concealing himself in the dressing-room, would be able to defend his property himself.
Mr. Berkowitz is an excellent investor, but he has not discovered the Holy Grail. None exists.
"Where the tent city is now is literally a toxic waste dump, it's unsafe, but these people are very resourceful, " Burke said.
Rory Burke says learning to deal with the difficulties is part of the lesson for these young skateboarders.
Army chief Jabr was also captured alive, Bakeer said. NTC officials later announced he was dead.
Burkes Peerage also traced the Blythe's back to the village of Gotham, which, according to English legend, was a haunt of madmen.
Borenstein and Burke said that they hope APA members will look for the show on a public broadcasting station near them and urge their local station to air the show if it is not already.
Burke and Wills were inexperienced explorers; Burke was a police investigator and Wills was a surveyor and meteorologist.
Birkhead wonders if Darwin was just a Victorian prude or whether having a daughter editing his writing led to some censorship.
Bourke-White was the first female war correspondent and the first woman to be allowed to work in combat zones during World War II.
Analysis of oppugning antiship missiles saturation attack capability of "Arleigh Burke" -class destroyer
Burke tells the story of a student who was trying to reme. . .
In Hungerford, Berkshire, a gun enthusiast called Michael Ryan shot 16 people dead and wounded another 15 before turning his gun on himself.
Researchers at Berkeley found that people are drawn to those who are of their own or similar league and desirability, which they called the “matching hypothesis”.
Berklee student David Chapman says for some of the Kenyans, it was the first time to see and touch such instruments.
Berklee student David Chapman says, for some of the Kenyans, it was their first time seeing and touching such instruments.
Most such cases, says Mr. Xiao, the Berkeley professor, spawn tens or hundreds of thousands of mentions on Internet blogs and other forums.
The schools between them have 69, 000 alumni across Europe, the US and Asia.
"We're very interested in the situation where you need to have a lot of robots explore an area very quickly, " says Berkeley roboticist and DASH creator Ronald Fearing.
The most newsworthy part of Mr. Bernanke's lunchtime speech on Tuesday was his sober overview of the economy.
Burke, Wills, and King again wandered off, but Wills became weak, so they left him with some of the food.
Buffett, Berkshire's 77-year-old CEO, doesn't get much credit for his credit acumen, but he's one of the sharpest investors in junk debt.
Berkshire's valuation has progressed steadily downward of late, turning the so-called "Buffett premium" into a "Buffett discount" .
The Berkshire chairman and CEO said Sunday he didn't know if he'd be called as a witness in a regulatory probe or possible civil litigation.
A report from the company's audit committee said Wednesday that David Sokol broke company trading rules and lied to CEO Warren Buffett.
Buffet and Berkshire insist they are in the long haul – though the haul seems to get longer all the time.
Berkshire Hathaway will receive perpetual preferred shares in Goldman, which will pay a 10 annual percent dividend, or $500 million a year.
As a sweetener, the deal also included warrants giving Berkshire the right to buy 43, 478, 260 shares of Goldman common stock.
Berkshire is always a buyer of both businesses and securities, and the disarray in markets gave us a tailwind in our purchases.
Gains in other parts of Berkshire's derivative portfolio, including credit-default swap contracts, offset those less-severe losses.
In its announcement, Berkshire stated that its businesses 'are worth considerably more' than the company's share price.
The final event to himself has been, that as he rose like a rocket, he fell like the stick.
Burke sometimes shows an overheated, lyrical bent, and the extremes of Hurricane Katrina make it especially pronounced.
Burke found her Gap coupon right before she had planned on buying jeans anyway.
While Burk said the 1970 treaty "may be an imperfect instrument, " it is "the best we have" and "we could never recreate it today. "
The film is so bad, Prof Perkowitz thinks "it's almost deliberately wrong just to irritate the scientists in the audience. "
This land, from the river of Egypt unto the great river, the river Euphrates
Brad: Oh really? What about chick I took out in August? She was hot!
Blahnik wanted to be a set designer but he never considered saying no to the legendary (and dictatorial) fashion-ista.
BLANCH : Can you rely solely do you think on the sheepskin to prevent bedsores ?
BLANCH : How tough are these sheepskins and how many times could you perhaps use them?
Boris Johnson may be trying to get us all on bikes, but his heart seems to lie with the internal combustion engine.
Some members of Belizean Grove are working on a mission of their own: the White House Project.
The Court of Appeal in Belize ruled that the country’s 2009 nationalisation of Belize Telemedia was unconstitutional.
Bethlehem Mayor Victor Betarseh said he hopes that Christmas next year will be celebrated in an independent Palestinian state.
At least 90, 000 tourists are expected to visit the city by the end of the Christmas season, according to Bethlehem Mayor Victor Batarseh.
Bethlehem is thus a reference to the constellation Virgo - a place in the sky, not on Earth.
Bethlehem, West Bank: A Christian pilgrim prays as she kneels in the central nave in the Church of the Nativity
Pericles - a Greek warrior and general, in a speech to the families of the Athenian war dead
"The whole earth, " said Pericles, as he stood over the remains of his fellow citizens, who had fallen in the first year of the Peloponnesian War: "the whole earth is the sepulcher of illustrious men.
Mr. Burlingame, known as Chic, was a pilot on American Airlines Flight 77, which hit the Pentagon.
Berlinski uses the argument in his book, and Collins credits it with turning him from atheism to evangelical Christianity.
Barone and ARS geneticist Thomas Devine have found that the cellulose fibers in their sapling-like soybean stalks were unusually strong.
Those whose minds never consider their fellow traveller are not bad but disabled, Mr Baron-Cohen argues.
Barone now hopes that ARS can design a test that plant breeders can use to determine the strength or weakness of a plant's cellulose.
The Peloponnesian War is the war between Athens and Sparta in the Fifth Century B. C.
The Peloponnesian War was the great conflict in which the Greek city state system tore itself apart two and a half millennia ago.
Berman promised to introduce legislation he said would help enhance the profile of intellectual-property protections overseas.
Mrs. Bermudez's offices consisted of what formerly had been a back chamber and a hall bedroom, marked "Private. "
Birmingham fared the worst, with one in four wallets returned and all being empty.
Birmingham tried to sign Babel during the January transfer window, but failed to agree a deal with Liverpool.
New Birmingham City owner Carson Yeung has admitted his long-term aim is to be in charge of a Blues team of 11 Chinese players.
Astrophysics and Space Research Group, School of Physics and Astronomy, University of Birmingham
Birmingham chief Steve Bruce believes Mourinho 'will not just be a loss to Chelsea but to the Premier League as well'.
The Birmingham neighborhood of Pratt City and the suburb of Pleasant Grove were among the most devastated, CNN reported.
There have also been a number of incidents in the Birmingham area, where youths broke shop windows and set fire to cars.
Birmingham City have had a tentative interest for a number of seasons but only made an approach today.
Surgical Planning Laboratory, Department of Radiology, Brigham and Women's Hospital and Harvard Medical School
Birmingham officials are also in negotiations with Sunderland trying to agree a fee for their Trinidad &amp; Tobago hitman Jones.
City are yet to discuss personal terms with Jones, 25, as they wrangle with the Black Cats about his price.
Birmingham travel to mid-table Fulham, and Wigan host West Ham in a battle of the bottom two teams.
"Birmingham worked very hard and regrouped quickly whenever they lost the ball, " Wenger said.
Birmingham have fired in just 68 shots on target this season, fewer than any other team.
Birmingham manager Alex McLeish backed Rafa Benitez to hoist Liverpool back up the league table once all his star names are back fit.
Bernadette: It's what I do with Howard. I'm much smarter than he is. But it's important to protect his manhood.
Bernadette: Oh, thanks. Howard gave it to me. It's the cutest thing. Every time I have dinner with his mom, the next day I get jewelry.
Bernard showed the letter to Edouard, who failed to realize that the letter disguised the boy's real feelings of jealousy and hurt.
Madame Bernaud got up and went into the kitchen, returning with another lamp which she placed on the table.
Dr Bernard Hazelhof said if I was on a desert island then I would have to get used to my own company just me and the coconuts.
Mr. Bernard set up a Domaine de Chevalier office in Shanghai this year, where his son is hosting wine tastings and building the brand.
"Bernard thought it was demeaning to have his name on a tea towel, so he used Laura's instead, " Wood said.
Bernie Madoff's wife has been left with a lump sum in that amount from her settlement with the Justice Department.
Bernard replied in earnest much to the shock of all who heard him.
Bernard was an aspiring writer, with "a good but rather boring job" at an investment company.
The son of a retired marine, Bernard, from New Portland in rural Maine, was described as a devout Christian, an Iraq war veteran, a keen snowboarder and an avid hiker.
Bernard: No offence, but I always thought those pictures were a little creepy .
Bernard Hill would spend up to nine hours in make-up to become the aged Theoden.
Having read of his sailing in the morning papers, Bernard Higginbotham, Gertrude, and all the family came to say good-by, as did Hermann von Schmidt and Marian.
Doctor Bernard said if I was on a desert island, then I would have to get used to my own company, just me and the coconuts.
Bernard : What happened to it? Had somebody collected it by mistake or stolen it?
The Burnet Institute was founded in 1986, and is Australia's largest communicable diseases research institute.
Santiago Bernabeu not only dreamt of a great stadium, he also envisaged a great team.
The story of the mythical Santiago Bernabeu Stadium leads inevitably to the history of its regal owners, Real Madrid, an institution which in 2000 was recognised by FIFA as the Club of the Century.
Bernays arranged for them to be entertained and to meet selected Guatemalan politicians
Bernays was an advisor to General Motors but he was no longer alone.
Bernanke said that more work is needed about instances when decision makers are so uncertain that they cannot fathom what might happen next.
Bernanke said the Fed had to launch the bond-buying program, given the outlook for weak growth and persistently high unemployment.
"The possibility that the recent weakness in business spending will persist is an additional downside risk, " he said.
Bernanke said the Federal Reserve should be extensively involved in the collective effort to promote financial stability.
The Fed was sticking to a pledge to keep rates at exceptionally low levels for an "extended period" , Bernanke said.
Bernanke said the Fed is "prepared to take further policy actions as needed" to keep the recovery on track.
"Changes in the patterns of production are likely to threaten the livelihoods of some workers and the profits of some firms, " he said.
He said he expected "significant opportunities" for banks to raise capital outside of government sources.
The Fed chairman said the current episode of globalisation had many similarities with past phases of international integration.
Markets would likely assess that inflation would rise if Congress or the administration started to meddle with interest rate decisions, he added.
The housing market remains weak and the overhang of vacant or foreclosed houses are weighing on home prices and home construction, he said.
Bernanke said that even when recovery takes hold, it is likely to be tepid and unemployment may not peak until 2010, although it would likely not climb into double digits.
Recent legislation strengthens oversight of the firms but fails to clarify the public purpose of the GSEs' portfolios, he said.
"I want to emphasise that we have not shifted away from an inflation bias, " he said.
Bernanke's plan seems to be to devalue the dollar against gold with huge monetary expansion, causing nominal equity values to rise.
Bernanke's four-year term expires in January and the president had not been expected to make an announcement until later this year.
"I would urge you to broaden your focus just a bit, " Mr Bernanke told the senators.
Bernanke said he is concerned about the long-term implications of high unemployment for workers' skills and wages.
Mr Bernanke, who did not comment directly on the sales report, remained cautious about the shape of the recovery.
The signal from Mr Bernanke is likely to soothe Wall Street, in that it confirms Fed support for investment banks through the credit crisis.
"If the recovery seems to be faltering, we have to at least review our options, " Bernanke told lawmakers.
The Fed chief also said he expected the bank stress tests would help restore confidence in the US financial sector.
Mr. Bernanke also said he would support audits by the Government Accountability Office of how the lending programs were conducted.
Bernanke also said the recovery will gain momentum only gradually and that economic slack will decline slowly.
It also touched on China's excessive investment in steel and insatiable appetite for energy supplies.
Two Fed members dissented, preferring a smaller cut, while Bernanke and seven others prevailed with a more powerful three-quarter-point one.
Mr. Bernanke and other Fed officials now concede they failed to anticipate the full danger posed by the explosion of subprime mortgage lending.
Mr Bernanke calls for greater exchange rate flexibility in the long run but acknowledges that it cannot be achieved overnight .
Mr Bernanke will want to convince the markets that the change did not reflect Fed pessimism about the economic outlook.
Bernanke's is the opening speech and is titled "Monetary Policy Objectives and Tools in a Low-Inflation Environment" .
Bernanke said the financial crisis was an old-fashioned bank run with different actors.
Bernanke is likely to buy tranches of Treasuries quarterly, spread out over a year.
After Bernanke left the Hill, the top four Republicans in Congress launched a fresh broadside, arguing the new program may imperil the dollar, spawn inflation and generate asset price bubbles.
Bernanke has no exit strategy that he can implement without sending the U. S. economy into the next Great Depression.
Bernanke did not indicate whether the committee would take additional measures to stabilize the economy.
Bernanke made it clear that buying Treasuries is the most likely and palatable course of action if the economy goes off track.
Bernanke's optimism that the economic recovery will begin next year is not shared for the UK by accountancy firm BDO Stoy Hayward .
Tweet. . BEN BERNANKE reckons it would be "a huge financial calamity" .
Bernanke is trying to send a positive message that the recovery will last in the face of growing threats.
For its part, Bernanke said, the Federal Reserve will continue to monitor economic conditions and carefully adjust its policies accordingly.
Bernanke said the U. S. strategy "will continue to evolve and be refined as we adapt to new developments and the inevitable setbacks. "
Bernanke said the policymaking committee of the Federal Reserve has not agreed on specific criteria or a trigger for any “unconventional” action.
He also said that "the economy could evolve in a way that would warrant a move toward less- accommodative policy. "
"This is what it's all about," said Bernanke, who reportedly danced alone in the middle of the dark tavern.
January estimate, Mr Bernanke blamed rising energy costs which, he said, should stabilise or fall in the near future.
Mr. Bernanke has made it clear that his policy is to inflate the money supply.
Bernanke told a congressional panel that the economy appeared to be growing, but warned it could shrink in the first half of 2008.
Mr Bernanke agreed to a profile by "60 Minutes" , a news programme, in which he strolled down the streets of his hometown.
Bernanke has said the Fed would like to see inflation closer to 2 percent to show the economy is making a solid recovery.
Bernanke also said he had not directed then-Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson to threaten to fire management.
Bernanke deserves to be impeached for his previous acts of perjury and for blatantly ignoring the price inflation that exists all around us.
Bernanke spoke at the biomedical business incubator called the Pittsburgh Life Sciences Greenhouse.
That decision could hinge on Bernanke's success in stabilizing credit markets, rebuilding the banking system and avoiding a deep U.S. recession.
The Chairman also urged Congress to address long term fiscal issues and noted that the Fed remains 'extremely vigilant' regarding inflation.
Bernanke is currently leading a misinformation campaign that will prevent the majority of Americans from preparing for and surviving U.
Chairman Bernanke appears to be following the advice of recent Nobel Laureate Paul Krugman.
Mr Bernanke sat behind a rather large mahogany desk, looking strikingly as though he were about to bang out a tune on an upright piano.
Bernice: No, don't be silly. I was walking along Sunrise Boulevard when I saw this guy coming out of the bookstore.
Bernie was invited to his friend's home for dinner. Morris, the host, preceded every request.
Bernie Madoff is well recognized as the perpetrator of the biggest Ponzi scheme in history, at $50 billion.
"I'm sure then he (Max Mosley) will take his holiday and not stand for re-election. He would have no reason to stay, " said the Briton.
Ecclestone said on Wednesday that he had cancelled the contract of the original promoter of the event, Tavo Hellmund and his Full Throttle Promotions Company.
Ecclestone said at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix at the weekend that he had doubts about whether the race would happen.
Bernice Jones, 56, has 14 children, 38 grandchildren and one great-grandchild. Jobless, with a 10th-grade education, she's an alcoholic and suffers from debilitating anxiety attacks.
Bernie Ecclestone on Friday revealed he has commenced negotiations with the potential promoters of an Argentinean grand prix.
Bernie knew how to stop working, get together with friends and eat only the heart of the watermelon.
barnum called one of these animals , " the last mastodon on earth " . the animal was really an elephant called jumbo.
One fundamentalflaw of Bernoulli's formulation was to put his symbolism into a ratio, orfractional form.
The bottom line, Ms. Burch said, is that "Tamara is an incredible businesswoman. "
The head of a Briard always gives the impression of length, having sufficient width without being cumbersome.
Mr Basescu is not just a wily operator. He has a popular touch too.
Mr Basescu backed the issuing of Romanian passports to Moldovans (just the sort of thing Russia does in its former empire).
Then was king Belshazzar greatly troubled, and his countenance was changed in him, and his lords were astonied.
In the third year of King Belshazzar's reign, I, Daniel, had a vision, after the one that had already appeared to me.
It was on the tip of Bertha's tongue to say that faint heart never won fair lady, but for modesty's sake, she refrained.
Bertha, with a woman's quick invention, sprang to the door and flung it open .
bertha ' s quick invention magnified the coming anguish till , for thinking of it , she could hardly sleep at night.
Bertha was a very pretty girl. Quite a lot of young men wanted to marry her, but she was not satisfied with any of them.
Bertha was a humble worshipper offering incense and devoutly grateful to the deity that forbore to crush her.
Bertha was astonished that he should wish to see her, and a little annoyed, for now of all times his presence would be importunate.
bertha looked blank , and then leaning back , burst into peal upon peal of laughter.
Bertha's tears now had ceased, but her mouth was set to a hopeless woe.
Bertha slipped out of the side-door with a delightful feeling of doing something venturesome.
Bertha frowned , finding it difficult to repress the sarcasms that rose to her lips .
Precise, elegant and graceful, the classical Cambodian dance form that Burt performs and teaches carries deep historical significance.
Burt continues to dedicate herself to assuring that the tradition in which she was trained grows and flourishes.
"Bert, look at my bug, " says Big Bird. "Twinkle for Bert, little bug. " But the bug doesn't twinkle.
Botkin writes, "Nature undisturbed is not constant in form, structure, or proportion, but changes at every scale of time and space.
Then Amaziah the priest of Bethel sent to Jeroboam king of Israel, saying, Amos hath conspired against thee in the midst of the house of Israel: the land is not able to bear all his words.
and, in reply to Lady Bertram's calm inquiry of "Where shall the child come to first, sister, to you or to us? "
"Bertram, " said Crawford, some time afterwards, taking the opportunity of a little languor in the game, "I have never told you what happened to me yesterday in my ride home.
Miss Bertram is certainly the handsomest, and I have found her the most agreeable, but I shall always like Julia best, because you order me.
Burt: Hello, I would like to place an order for the red swivel chair, item number XD5106.
Bert Lamberti was a pioneer in the punching industry and will be sorely missed.
Waves had long fascinated Burt Ovrut, now they were just about to turn M-theory upside down.
Bert was a lean , undersized boy about fifteen years of age and about four feet nine inches in height .
Bertold Wiesner and his wife Mary Barton founded a fertility clinic in London in the 1940s and helped women conceive 1, 500 babies.
Bolvar: Arthas! The blood of your father, of your people, demands justice! Come forth, coward, and answer for your crimes!
Mr. Bosher, with his mouthful of biscuit, mumbled that it was sweetly pretty.
On your feet, single-sole shoes in lightweight leather help tremendously, says Mr. Boyer.
Boze Tuo of the animation is a Renjunbujin humor, satire and meaningful surprising that a imagine extraordinary.
Bobby is ready to confront any criticism of his controversial article about stem cell research which was published recently.
For portraying a European champaign hired by the Mafia, Bob Wall was forced to face Lee again with the same results.
Bozeman wiped his hands on the khaki apron he wore over his jeans and came out from behind the cash register.
Bozeman was up on a footstool, cleaning one of the aquariums with a vacuum tube.
(with a wild, illogical anger) That's the way it is when the foreigners come over here.
Comprised of middle and upper class Dutch citizens, Burgher Pikemen are amongst the better trained militias of Northern Europe.
The Blason de Bourgogne design, with its typically Blazon, allows an easy recognition of the brand and will enable you to buy a Burgundy wine well-chosen .
Bo Hao who will, as always, for the twenty-first century education to provide advanced teaching equipment and excellent service.
Bucklay's voice boomed in Bigger's ear and he knew what the loud commotion meant when the speech had ended.
Brabantio. What tell'st thou me of robbing? this is Venice; My house is not a grange.
A city of southern Siberian U. S. S. R. on the Angara River north-northwest of Irkutsk. It has hydroelectric power installations.
Blachevelle threw himself back in his chair, in an ecstasy , and closed both eyes proudly.
Bertrand Russell probably sums up the problem with More's vision best when he says, ‘life in More's Utopia, as in most others, would be intolerably dull.
Brezhnev angrily said: we political bureau have thought about and we decided to send you to the sun at night.
Brezhnev , similarly attired, collected me in a jeep driven, I was grateful to notice, by a game warden .
Was the Soviet Union under Leonid Brezhnev really just an authoritarian regime, rather than a totalitarian one?
Brezhnev began with a long speech extolling the virtue of his version of the nuclear treaty, a "clear-cut and lucid agreement" .
Leonid Brezhnev did the same thing with Kruschev, but used an air force revolver to make his point.
Leonid Brezhnev constructed private villas by prodigality , thus there were quite a few villas only on the outskirts of Moscow.
A spokeswoman for Boehringer Ingelheim said the drug could be approved for treating women with a low libido within 18 months.
Madame Bron, who had been thirty years in the theatre, replied quite sourly .
Blum flipped past an evocative sandstone carving of a child and a pelican, then admired a griffin plaque.
Blum opened the box with a razor blade, and out slid a two-inch-thick binder containing photos and descriptions of about 225 ornaments the museum was considering for auction.
Bonasera could not speak further, he was weeping now though his voice had not betrayed his emotion.
Bonasera hesitated, then bent down and put his lips so close to the Don's hairy ear that they touched.
Second, not hard affected male erectile birth but does not equate to male infertility: sperm or eggs is pregnant with new the basis of life.
The erectile tissues fill with blood, causing the clitoris to protrude enough, as one woman put it, "to fill my cupped hand. "
Bosentan would be the first drug of its kind to treat arterial hypertension orally .
The boa was so badly hurt that it let go of Barney and moved into the forest hurriedly.
Villas-Boas did not know then that the detail would make him. It was the detail that engaged Robson and, later, Mourinho.
Boateng says he made the "shh" sign after scoring and did not celebrate, to shut his critics and doubters.
Boba Fett. Being a bounty hunter seemed too cool for a child. I liked his paraphernalia too.
Bobby Bolivia: A driver don't pick the cars. Mmm-mm. Cars pick the driver.
Wiping a tear from his eye, Bobby kicked the snow and started to walk down to the street where the shops and stores wee.
Fergie was handpicked for the role of second coming by Sir Bobby Charlton, now knighted, and the octogenarian Sir Matt Busby, then still at the club in an ambassadorial role.
Bobby decided not to respond to this teasing. "So, " he asked thoughtfully, "what's going to happen next? "
Bobby was beginning to find this lecture interesting, to his surprise. "So how does that work, Daddy? "
Bobby was beginning to find this familiar: his father tended to see the gloomy side.
While Bobby was looking at a full moon, he asked, " Mum, is God in the moon? " I told him that God is everywhere.
Bobby: OK. Let me try. You know what? Whenever things like this don't work, hit it. And it'll work.
Bobby Martin ducked under his mother's grasping hand and ran, laughing, back to the pile of stones.
Bobbie was not the kind to be discouraged by obstacles and later his ingenuity overcame the difficulties.
Bobby Peru: I gotta take a piss bad, can I use your head?
Bobby groaned. It sounded like hard work. But he went off quietly to bed. What nightmares disturbed him?
Bobby Wester reached for a handkerchief and buried his face in his hands.
Bobbie uses a walker to get around and Gene hopes to get her a scooter when she is well enough to go grocery shopping or to their cottage in Lake Tahoe.
Bobbie Bonti gets ready to eat the dinner her husband Gene has prepared for her.
Burberry has said it continues to be bullish on China for the long-term.
Beau Brummel was an Englishman of the early 1800's．He was famous for his fancy clothes．The story is told that he used to invite guests just to watch him knot his white cravat．
Paddy Power has received so many wagers on Bruce Oldfield to design the Royal wedding dress, it has suspended betting.
Gambling is the heart of Macao, employing swathes of the workforce and supplying by far the bulk of government revenues.
He flattened his palm against the door lock, then grabbed a cookie despite his best efforts not to and stepped into the recreation room.
Boz wouldn't be able to tolerate the living conditions, not just on the ship, but in the colony itself.
He took the mulled cider, then sat on one of the couches, his heart still beating rapidly.
He sat on the couch for a long time, clutching his reader, sipping his mulled cider, taking cookies from the tray on top of the bot's head.
The Delegation of Botswana supported the statement made by the Delegation of Morocco on behalf of the African Group.
It has been lucky in its mineral wealth, at first shrewdly developed by De Beers, the South African diamond giant.
Half of all maternal deaths in Botswana and South Africa are due to HIV.
As Botswana enters its dry season the Delta's water level will reach its peak, fueled by rainwater that has traveled from Angola.
Botswana agate, laguna agate, plume agate, green agate, plus many others, it would be impossible to mane them all.
Maun, Botswana: A hippo breaks the surface of the water outside Kingspool luxury Safari Camp
Practice makes perfect for the Botswanan Southern Masked Weaver, shown above weaving a complex nest of out grass.
This vast array of Biblical and Rabbinic literature comprises the body of Kosher law.
To earn the approbation of honest critics And endure the betrayal of false friends;
Shares in Peabody Energy opened up 2 per cent to $60. 47 in New York.
He also claims a woman was sent as a "honey trap" to glean material about him.
'As it stands now, the pace of economic improvement is idling somewhat, ' which helps explain the stock market's uncertainty, he said.
Had Henley continued on its existing path, it would have plunged into mediocrity, he says.
"We are pushing ourselves firmly into the practice arena and trying to reflect the real challenges facing real executives, " says Mr Bones.
When Burns took a little bottle out of her cloak and had a drink, it ceased.
He defends his position, saying this was largely because of a mismatch between the faculty and the programmes being taught.
The residents of Boulder ordered the most books in the cooking, food, and wine category.
Konrad Steffen of the University of Colorado, Boulder, leads one study of the Greenland ice sheet.
"That is a clear difference between dogs and wolves, " says Marc Bekoff, a cognitive ethologist at the University of Colorado, Boulder.
Boulder lived up to its reputation as a foodie town, ordering the most in Amazon's Cooking, Food &amp; Wine category.
Mr. Bolden said Mr. Allen has been interviewed by the authorities over the matter, and was cooperating with them on the investigation.
These young men may have gone their separate ways, but around a card table and a heap of rosy memories, they remain united.
Boulton and Watt worked together to pioneer the use of the steam engine in the cotton spinning industry;
Bolton appeal for a goal, claiming the ball had crossed the line but referee Phil Dowd is not interested.
Allardyce, the Bolton Wanderers manager, said last night that he thought he was still a contender for the England job.
Archie Knox, the Bolton caretaker manager, will remain in charge for this evening's Uefa Cup tie against SC Braga at the Reebok Stadium.
In Bould's opinion, games in his own age group could become a vital supplement to his overall progression.
Bolton were one of the first clubs to openly declare their interest, and are thought to be the only Premier League side who have made a bid.
Mr Bolton said he was not a linguist and may not attempt to learn Chinese after he moves to Hong Kong.
In the wake of the vote, Bolton affirmed that "the United States will work cooperatively with other member states to make the council as strong and effective as it can be.
Boulton's innovations in currency production gave birth to the modern coin, reducing the counterfeiting that was rampant in his day.
Borges aptly names the library in his story after the Tower of Babel parable, wherein humankind, united by one language, has the hubris to build a tower to reach heaven.
Borges, a short-story writer, poet and essayist, died in 1986 without the Nobel.
'The euro was a victory of political romanticism over economic thinking and reality, ' Mr. Bolkestein says.
Borna disease had first been discovered in horses in the late 1800s; it attacks their brains and causes them to flail uncontrollably.
Bult's immediate plan is to deal with the snow piling up on her sidewalk, something she can manage with a little help from her students.
Bolt's appearance of the double coat is pure white, and her bushy hair around the neck, chest and tail is especially fluffy.
Beating his chest as he crossed the line, this time there was no showboating, only seriously fast sprinting from the Jamaican star.
Bolt bettered the mark of 9. 74 set by countryman Asafa Powell last September and becomes officially the fastest man on the planet.
Bolt, who was on a four-day visit to Kenya, said he was looking forward to seeing Kenya's diverse wildlife, but was scared of meeting lions.
Beaufort had entered the little house with his usual easy assurance; but he could not smile away the vertical line between his eyes.
"Certain nuances escape Beaufort, " said Mr. Jackson, cautiously inspecting the broiled shad, and wondering for the thousandth time why Mrs. Archer's cook always burnt the roe to a cinder.
Mrs. Beaufort may not--but Beaufort certainly does, for she was seen walking up Fifth Avenue this afternoon with him by the whole of New York.
"We have to work in the morning and need our sleep, " said taxi driver Horst Berghahn, who lives on the third floor.
Isotopic Chronologic Evidence of Bogda Rift Closure and Regional Uplift and Its Geological Significance
Borglum: american sculptor noted FOR his monumental works, particularly the busts of four U. S. Presidents on Mount Rushmore.
Bruggeman was no longer just a consumer. He was a producer. He was making the news.
Mr Borges said the bail-out raised "serious concerns" about related party lending throughout the Russian banking sector.
Burgess finds nature's reliance on disturbances and variance to be a practical issue.
Burgess hopes the flux of the desert can teach us how to live with a variable environment without simplifying it.
" Borg paused, then dryly added, " We hit well together, but he has maybe one or two more shots than I have.
Bogutcharovo lay in a flat, ugly part of the country, covered with fields and copses of fir and birch-trees, in parts cut down.
BO HAI KNITTING COMPANY IS ONE OF PRIVATE ENTERPRISE WHICH IS SPECIALLY PRODUCING AND PROCESSING HING-LEVLED KNITTING GARMENT.
"Now is not the time to take the blame nor to ask for pardon, " Mr Bohn said.
Mister Boghetti taught her how to control and direct her voice. He also taught her how to breathe correctly.
I have been given a poem by a friend of Bogee, And it was Audrey's favorite poem, is by Rbemgen na Tagolly, is called Unending Love.
Bojinov is on-loan at Juve, but wants to leave after failing to nail down a first team place so far this season.
Bojinov also said he will be very happy to welcome the Lokomotiv Sofia striker to Juve.
Doo tends to be left alone, which is why beacons disguised as tiger excrement were used to mark targets in Vietnam, Boghardt says.
Mr. Borgin fixed a pair of pince-nez to his nose and looked down the list.
Pokhara city government said the initiative aims to bring to the classroom and on the streets "order and righteousness. "
Bomka designated the meeting not at his offices but at a new Russian restaurant in which he held a partial interest.
Boca makes vegetarian breakfast patties , chicken nuggets, and Italian sausages that are great on the grill.
Boca had too many foreign players and loaned him out to Union Santa Fe.
Brocade earlier told Reuters that it plans to price its new 100 Gigabit Ethernet gear at a fraction of that of its rivals'.
Boko Haram, meaning "Western education is sinful" , originates in Maiduguri, capital of the north-eastern state of Borno.
Boko Haram, which means "Western education is sinful" , is demanding the wider application of sharia law in Nigeria.
Bok concedes as much—“The implications of this critique are profound”—but he insists that all he’s doing is attending to the data.
Probes into the Cognitive Value of Identification by Antithesis in Burke's New Rhetoric and Antithesis
Blogger Chauque commented [Pt] that Fernandes fell for "confronting the Board of Administration and its suck-ups in suits" .
The blog's editor, Jason Chen, described how the phone was found by a source, now known to be Mr. Hogan, at a Redwood City bar last month.
What to rich guest is not overthrown and replace, not cloggy also its revolutionary meaning.
Blogs are often used to publish personal or company information in an informal way.
The blog can be both opiate and stimulant , but also a placebo.
The cardinal rule of blogging is to do it as much as you can.
Content also needs to be well written, clearly communicated, of a good standard and compelling.
The front page of a blog may feature a calendar of dates linked to daily archives.
Blogging and all the associated tasks can get addictive or turn into a time suck.
A blog or social hub can pull consumers to your site and into the sales funnel.
Blog Carnivals – This is a great way to get your site noticed! If you have some great content, find a blog carnival that relates to your site and submit an article or even multiple articles.
About the blog: Columnist and author Penelope Trunk shares career advice as well as professional observations and personal experiences.
Bloggers tend to post more about love, nature and sunshine, reflecting the general upbeat mood.
Blogs can help businesses communicate internally more effectively and cheaply than e-mail and workflow management software.
Blog commenters spend a great deal of time discussing what is NOT said, instead of constructively evaluating what IS said.
At first, blog is look as a platform for the grass-roots been trying to get equal right to speak.
Still, the blogosphere will have to tread lightly when it comes to using AP-related sources.
All the other comments present on the blog pages where you comment have to appear spam free and that's easy to judge and decide.
Blog design is not just a piece of artwork to hang up and admire, but of course there are some you can certainly hang up.
After the blog application is approved, the cyberspace should not be left untouched.
The blogosphere is awash with speculation that it had all been a publicity stunt by the parents.
The blogosphere has been inundated with people mocking the new salutation and proposing alternative greetings.
The blogging world has seen a massive growth spurt and mainstream media is beginning to take notice.
The blog is hosted by a German server — so the Cuban government does not have any practical ability to shut it down; at most, it can prevent access to it from within Cuba.
"Blog" is an abbreviated version of "weblog, " which is a term used to describe web sites that maintain an ongoing chronicle of information.
Blogs are a goldmine of formerly hard to get insight from CEO's, marketing guru's and others who never used to have a public forum.
A blog is a personal diary. A daily pulpit. A collaborative space. A political soapbox. A breaking-news outlet. A collection of links.
Semi-hermetic compressors supplied by Bock are currently in service in a very wide range of applications.
Blog posts must be written in conversational American English, with perfect grammar and spelling.
Blog posts are backed up as part of the standard file system rather than requiring database dumps or checkpoints.
They have also given voice to once-obscure scholars advancing bold solutions to America's economic funk and Europe's self-inflicted crisis.
More traffic to a blog may be nice, but if your goal is to build subscribers traffic is just a KPI.
Sometimes known as weblogs , blogs are online journals where you can share your ideas quickly in an informal, chronological format .
Bloggers are whipping up fears that the influx of Chinese workers is part of Beijing's long-term strategy to occupy their country.
The bloggers are trying to understand what is happening in the country and how adequate is the public administration in Kazakhstan.
Second, are promoting the growth of Internet blog former network just a library, collected a large number of relatively static document.
The low cost of new media outlets like blogs and the instant access they provide to voters are two of the main reasons presidential campaigns have been keen to capitalize on them.
Blogger Gretchen Rubin spent a year on a "happiness project" --resulting in the bestseller The Happiness Project.
"Air activity at either location has never been publicly disclosed or identified in imagery, " blog author Sean O'Connor notes.
This was a close encounter with a lemon shark taken in Bora Bora at 20 meters down at the dive site Tapu.
Borlaug's methods often raised yields while reducing acreage, and it seemed for years he'd proven the organic movement wrong.
Boulahrouz plainly relished the encounters, though he admitted Ronaldinho had been his toughest opponent so far.
In fact, Pollard said, it was his wife's addiction to another fantasy role-playing game that drove him to the other avatar.
Plato was not describing a real place any more than his allegory of the cave describes a real cave.
Visitors to the fair can stroll over to the Metropolitan Museum of Art to see "Tapestry in the Baroque" which opens on October 23rd.
TheVIP FRIEZE visitor program is extensive and well organized, and China-basedcollectors would do well to consider attending FRIEZE 2011.
The exposition will hold large art intercourse exhibition of strait side banks famous gallery, art academy cum artist.
Several months before the exposition, each tribe selects a tribal princess who will represent them for a year.
Understanding how these RNA mechanisms work could lead to medical treatments as well, Breaker noted.
Mr. Bolick has become known at Maxim over the years for sending cover girls letters through the magazine with the hope that they will agree to be his pen pals.
Bolio was bred by Maurice Carver and Eddie Klaus (familiar of mine) in 1969.
BORRIELLO: we are at the end of his troubles and he should rejoin the team after the tests with MilanLab.
Professor Berube says another option might be to have private maritime security companies eventually take over the mission.
ARTUR Boruc wants a pay-off from Celtic before he agrees to his GBP 3million transfer to Fiorentina.
Boru Vodka is available nationwide in the United States and Ireland and in a growing number of other international markets. 40% ABV .
Bolun Essences Company will create a wonderful fragrant world hand in hand with you with our high-quality products and the best services.
Borowski would find all this incomprehensible. Borowski has a different cane for each day in the week, and one for Easter.
Bologna are on a fine run at the moment, beating both Milan and Parma in their last two Serie A games.
With Venice to the north and Florence to the south, one would hardly blame Bologna for harbouring an inferiority complex.
Bologna has prompted a mass tidying-up of the tangle of different degrees awarded in different European countries.
The resemblance to the Anglo-American system, plus Bologna's emphasis on graduate employability, are big grievances.
Permana is working to create a more environmentally-friendly plastic from the castor oil bean.
DB: You see, the first instinct is to say, 'What can we do to stop this tremendous catastrophe'?
Boehner says Obama needs to move beyond Democratic dogma to find bipartisan solutions. Craig Windham, NPR News, Washington.
Benardete rightly points out that Socrates assigns every kind of virtue to the philosopher apart from moderation.
In his old age, Bonnard returned to a youthful exuberance of dazzlIng light and colour, producIng compositions of exquisite taste.
"The American people have concerns about government takeover of healthcare," Boehner said. "I think it's important for us to lay the groundwork before we begin to repeal this monstrosity .
An award-winning Italian photographer created these delicious images for his fashion photography book titled "A Matter of Taste" .
Mr Boehner's immediate response to Mr Obama's address was to reiterate that "raising taxes is simply the wrong approach. "
And even Boehner says a broad deal with the President that includes equal parts tax increases and spending cuts would be preferable.
Boehner has proved to be an anti-Gingrich: humble where Gingrich swaggered, pragmatic where Gingrich was ideological.
With his sun-kissed complexion, natty clothes and love of the links, Mr Boehner looks like a textbook country-club Republican.
Representative John Boehner told reporters he believes the president did sharpen his criticism of the Iranian government for its violent response against demonstrators.
Mr. Boehner's aides said the speaker was not a fan of such formal dinners and would meet separately with Mr. Hu on Thursday.
He found his band from the taverns and grogshops of Bridgetown , and ended up signing on about seventy destitute seamen.
Bonnet did another unheard of thing by paying his crew out of his own pocket, instead of drawing up a contract for them to sign.
Daniele Bonera is working on physiotherapy and tomorrow he will start a specific running training.
That alone is enough, says Ms Boone, to chop around a percentage point off GDP growth in 2012.
"Lots of times, volcanic pumice originates as a flow [of loose, gravel-like particles], and because of the heat and the weight, it becomes welded into solid rock, " Bonis said.
Heavy rains from tropical storm Agatha may also have overloaded underground sewage or drainage pipes, leading to a growing cavity that eventually collapsed, Bonis speculated.
He is already a very strong player, but I will help him to grow even more as a footballer.
Bono has become as well-known for fighting global poverty as he is for fronting the legendary rock band U2.
The December 1984 industrial accident at the pesticide plant in Bhopal was one of the world's worst industrial accidents.
As the Bhopal Medical Appeal reminds us, the plant has instead simply been abandoned.
Fifteen years after creating the arts center in Bhopal, he was invited to design the Madhya Pradesh provincial assembly.
Fifteen years after creating the arts center in Bhopal, he was invited to design the Madhya Pradesh provincial assembly.
A style of jazz characterized by rhythmic and harmonic complexity, improvised solo performances, and a brilliant style of execution.
Hiroshi Date Pneumatic Equipment Co. , Ltd. is a professional production and wholesale pneumatic components, pneumatic machinery company.
The Borealis impact would have crippled the dynamo, but not killed it outright.
Bothans hail from Bothawui, a cosmopolitan planet spared from the Galactic Civil War due to its neutrality.
Bothans also have numerous colony worlds scattered throughout their small patch of indigenous space, like the planet Kothlis.
Boshan smoked partridge best spot, Lo could not bear to see with one mind.
Boesch says altruism may not show up as often in captivity because captive animals don't need to stick together to survive.
BSH is the market leader in Germany and in Western Europe and is one of the world's leading domestic appliance manufacturers.
Bosch stop-start systems draw on the expertise of the company's starter technology, drivetrain, and energy management fields.
Bosch has adjusted the service life of the starter to cope with the far greater number of starts.
The Doctor, Amy and Rory arrive in a mining village and are soon facing a deadly danger from a bygone age.
Dr. Rothberg is the founder of Ion Torrent, which last month began selling a sequencer it calls the Personal Genome Machine.
He pulled the satchel off the body and handed it up to her.
off the body and handed IT up to her. She snatched IT away from him, and, to his amazement, he saw a gun in her hand.
The Doctor drew that lady towards him and fairly kissed her: at which salute Helen burst out crying on the Doctor's shoulder .
Dr Chen Jin, director of the stunning 900-hectare nature preserve, recalled the sacrifice made by a group of hardy scientist and students.
To make plans to desegregate the all-white Troy University, and how this meeting developed into a deep friendship.
The Doctor cares about stuff, and uses his considerable noodle to fight injustice, tyranny and exploitation.
AS they feared some demonstration against the persons of the doctor and his companions, they all there slept on board the Resolute.
The number of mobile post-doctoral stations has reached 20, ranking the first among all provincial universities within the country.
Hu Tiger Tao, postdoctoral researcher, with a hologram made of silk showing M?bius strips and the Tufts logo.
A postdoctoral position is an extension of your graduate training; maximize your gain in knowledge and experience.
D. , lecturer, consultant and author of Finding a Path with a Heart: How to Go from Burnout to Bliss.
"The bottom line is organisms that were present in mud, untreated water and feces were with us right from the start of humanity," Rook explained.
Dr. Kermit Gosnell was also charged with murder in the death of a woman who suffered an overdose of painkillers while awaiting an abortion.
Greening did not seem to see any reason not to recommend daily ejaculation to help the process of conception.
Dr. Michael Mirro of Fort Wayne, Ind. , is among those caught in the tide.
Doctorate cultivation platform acts as the ticket for a university to make a spurt towards a higher level of development.
In general, says Lipshultz, caffeine can disturb children's sleep, which can actually compound energy problems since sleep deprivation can make children even more listless and tired.
Dr. Sinclair randomly tested tens of thousands of cells, searching for the chemical that would activate those genes.
In my mind he is one of the greatest psychiatrists in human history. He died not long ago at the age of ninety-two .
Doctoral degrees, which require an average of seven years' study, are typically the last to show the impact of long-term changes.
Doctoral study was the last holdout - the only remaining area of higher education that still had an enduring male majority.
The quality of doctoral students is an important indicator for the education quality of an institution.
PhD is one of the few chances to set up your own project, finish it "the right way" , and to a depth that a Masters doesn't offer.
Dr. Oxygen is a safe , efficient , economical and portable oxygen generator used to promote more healthy living .
DOCTORS often exude an air of omniscience, but in truth they are surprisingly ignorant.
Bo in the interior and corridors placement of emergency lights, making night-time blackout use.
She is so remarkable because since gondoliers took to the waterways of Venice in 1094, there had never been a woman among them.
The Boscombe Pool is thickly wooded round, with just a fringe of grass and of reeds round the edge.
Bosque's wily, Spain to win the final victory will be the most important one weight.
'I don't know if it looks like the Dutch style, ' he said after defeating Germany.
Bostan three-star hotels for foreign guesthouse with administrative, business, luxury, standard, single, three, and other rooms.
Bostrom: They could be risks that arise from nature–like asteroids or volcanic eruptions–or risks that arise from human activity.
Bostrom: My focus has been on existential risks, which are at the far end of the severity spectrum.
'It is ludicrous to think that our Board could accept such a proposal, ' Mr. Bostock said.
North Korea's recently disclosed uranium enrichment program will be on the agenda of future discussions, he said.
"The point of engagement . . . is to try to change the other side's view of its own self-interest, " Bosworth said.
Bosworth said he confirmed in Pyongyang that the United States remains committed to the full implementation of the Joint Statement.
Speaking with reporters in Seoul Thursday, Bosworth chracterized the discussions as "exploratory talks" rather than negotiations.
Mr. Bosworth, who arrived from Seoul Monday morning, said that 'several initiatives are underway' to reach out to Russia.
Bosworth did not speak to reporters at the airport, slipping out a side door and into an embassy car waiting on the tarmac.
Ordinary shareholders are not expected to be compensated for their losses. But preferred shareholders may have some recourse, Mr Bose said.
PO. INT. ER is an Italian manufacturer for amino and polyamide hardeners for epoxy systems. Beside Italy's headquarter, PO. INT.
Burtynsky has always been interested in man-made changes in the landscape and territory, especially those to do with the development of industries.
Bouebdelli, who had educated many of the country's elite and their children, was thus transformed overnight into an impassioned dissident.
Beauvais added that tea itself has no calories, but when you start adding sugar, cream, that can easily ratchet up the calorie count.
Black tea -- which includes earl grey-- also has antioxidants that can protect the body from the effects of free radicals, Beauvais said.
The coal and chemical industry is simply "a major water-eater, " the post said.
"If there had been a phone in the movie Black Hawk Down, it would have looked like the Droid, " Bowen told the executives.
Under Pennsylvania law, anyone over the age of 10 accused of murder or homicide is charged as an adult.
My brothers and I stared in awe as the knowledgeable old hobo put Jacky through his circus tricks.
His assets were learning, memory and a mastery of language; his ungainly figure and his stiffness of gesture were disadvantages.
The museum said the exhibition, opening on Thursday despite condemnation from some Christians, was the first in the world on the subject.
The museum said it hoped to buy at least some of the hoard from the Whelan family once its value was determined.
Do you think it is right to demolish the old buildings in order to build the new ones?
The museum naturally is not a commercial institution, but it certainly needs to enliven its role.
The bottom floor was once abedhousebathhouse. Today, it houses a workshop for an arts program.
'These artifacts are now history, verging on ancient history, ' says Doug Millard, a senior curator at the museum.
The staff noticed a striking difference between the wing colorings of the freshly hatched great mormon butterfly.
Curator and financial historian Richard Sylla says everyone has something to learn at the museum, even the Wall Street wheelers and dealers.
"Friends" of the museum issued a pamphlet giving warning of its moral decay.
The museum shop includes a grocery section, where customers can purchase goods from a genuine butchery and bakery.
The museum is an enormous cube made of gray and red puzzle pieces that light up with a scarlet glow at night.
"We may have opinions on a lot of things, but one thing is clear -- homosexuality is found throughout the animal kingdom, it is not against nature," an exhibit statement said.
Museum staffer Nancy Greig had to spend several hours in the smelly room.
One of the museum exhibits is this underground magnet antennae from the ‘Bita’ cryptographic hardware.
The museum said it had never tried to hide its ownership of the painting, which it has lent to several European museums.
The issue in renovation and expansion of museum is one part of the system of protection and reuse of historic building.
Museum curator Carolyn Wingfield said the mummy was also two or three years younger than first believed.
"Inevitably, a museum about football is also a museum about the history of Brazil and Brazilian culture, " said Leonel Kaz, the museum's curator.
Curator Nancy Croce says the songs immigrants wrote about the City of New York reveal a distinctive point of view.
The opening is more than a year away, but Mr. Whitney is already dreaming bigger: a larger museum, a palpable cultural impact.
The beautiful library includes a quaint coffee shop and a variety of exhibits.
Behind the museum, the needled leaves of a larch gently shudder as a breeze moves through the tree.
The museum abjures "emotionalism" , which may be why it is oddly bloodless given its sanguinary story.
"We view the museum as an integral component of revitalising the city as a whole, " he said.
The pot showed in the museum attracted artists nationwide for the beautiful colour and the perfect workmanship.
For the museum had no acquisition policy. There was no targeting of works to fill gaps.
Free admission museums supply more chances for the public to get knowledge that cannot be easily accessed.
Natural light floods the museum through its jigsaw-shaped holes and skylights. A walkway and a cube-shaped gallery float above the lobby.
The museum contains numerous utensils, rock paintings, and carvings which give a sense of the archaic lives of these peoples.
The Museum Pass Scheme provides more chances for you to visit the Leisure and Cultural Services Department Museums .
The museum is an enormous cube made of gray and red puzzle pieces that light up with a scarlet glow at night.
Museums appear to have a future unable to foresee. Should we insist on traditional museum type, or yield to the recreational market?
The city that the museum located is called St. Petersburg, in another direction of Tampa Bay and going there needs to stride the sea.
Outside, in a light rain, Obama gave a short speech as he stood with Antoinette before a memorial to her brother.
It even has an Antony Gormley outside, a giant human figure made of cubes that has generated some controversy in no-nonsense Anchorage.
The museum is situated on the upper floor because the ground is being excavated right now because some remains of the soldiers, who died in 1942 defending Sevastopol, are said to be there.
“It ignores the conflicts, which real history shouldn’t do, ” said an archaeology professor at Peking University who asked to remain anonymous because of the issue’s delicacy.
One of the additions is a permanent exhibit called "Revolution: The First 2000 Years of Computing. "
The museum was also waiting to hear if Middleton would donate an outfit for the waxwork.
The stone building sits atop an artificial island like an imposing fortress about 800m off Doha.
"The future has to be, without question, the museum as a publisher and broadcaster, " said MacGregor, director of the British Museum.
30am, BO WU GUAN bus stop, an old beggar. shivered in bise his grizzled beard.
Naturalist Charles Darwin's five-year voyage on the Beagle changed the face of modern science and our understanding of human existence.
A naturalist has discovered that the bee scout delivers her report through a complicated dance in the hive,
The naturalist Terry Nutkins reckons that spring in Scotland is even more dramatic than in the rest of Britain because its winters are so long and cold.
Of natural history, we had to answer questions on hygiene, botany and zoology.
Baucis: a peasant woman of Phrygia who together with her husband Philemon received with great hospitality Zeus and Hermes disguised as men.
Bossuet and Feuilly were making cartridges with the powder-flask picked up by Gavroche on the dead corporal.
The savants are the members of the derro's highest caste and renowned for their extensive knowledge.
A learned man is an idler who kills time by study. ----Bernard Shaw.
Erudition : It reminds us that we need to read more books and learn more knowledge to become a man of immense erudition .
Po: Are menacingly crashing the gate and killing the guard your manners to be guests and enjoy a banquet?
Richard Boyd Barrett is a political activist with the Ireland-based group People Before Profit. He said Mr. Cowen should go now.
In contrast, when a boy sends a revealing photo of himself to a girl, Dr. Boyd noted, she usually does not circulate it.
Boyd, a professor of gender studies at Lawrence University in Wisconsin, said her work in the field indicates that far more partners split.
"That's a huge saving and you are no longer putting trucks on those roads, and tanker drivers in harm's way and everyone else involved on the way, " Boyd said.
Boyd stood up and held out his hand. "I've read about you , " he said briefly.
Boyle, director of Trainspotting, 28 Days Later, and Sunshine said “I am very grateful to Warner for their careful handling of the film.
Boyle said that he had never been a jury in any film festival before and he would make no criteria for this year's winning films.
Boycott was the estate agent of the Earl of Erne in County Mayo, Ireland.
Boyce's reframing of these design 'icons' speculates that Modernism itself also contained built-in obsolescence from the start.
Messrs. Boyce and Moore decided to try to figure out how people compare themselves with their neighbors, colleagues at work or friends from college.
Boyce, who was inspiration for Robert Lindsey's best seller The Falcon and the Snowman as well as the film adaptation, sold classified communiqués to the Soviets through his friend Andrew Dalton Lee.
Boise Compel Semi Gloss Label excels in both objectives through exceptional gloss, high brightness, and excellent print quality.
Game theory's power to summarise complex situations in a simple model is sometimes too seductive.
What game theory offered was a specification of a set of feasible outcomes -- the "solution" of the game.
Game Theory vs. Ordinary Decision Theory: I Know that You Know that I Know . . .
It is well-known to game theorists that in such situations a tit-for-tat response is the optimal strategy.
Major study of game theory formulation of the interaction between the incentive structure.
Einstein brought this vision to fruition by way of a successful mathematical theory .
Game Logic is the logic of game theory and intersect to form a new discipline.
Game logic , which belongs to the action logic, is a new interdisciplinary subject intersected with game theory and logic.
Since a game is an interaction among players, a game can be regarded as a linguistic communication or action conversation between the speaker and the hearer.
Bo met me at the front door in jeans and a white T-shirt over his ample girth.
Bo met me at the front door in jeans and a white T-shirt over his ample girth.
Fail to twirl and your start-up may become one of the "living dead" , warns Eric Ries, a serial entrepreneur and blogger.
People add their posts or diary entries, with some regularity, if you're a blogger you do it daily at least, often several times a day.
" Bloggers have had fun pointing out that "1984" is largely about censorship -- the suppression of information in a society led by Big Brother.
Boots said it has contacted customers who use loyalty cards and put notices up in branches.
The church, which normally attracts tourists and a few financial workers, experienced an upturn in visitors this week, Bozzuti-Jones said.
Bozo was a small, dark, hook-nosed man, with curly hair growing low on his head.
Bozo washed his pictures off the pavement and counted his takings—it was about sixteen shillings, of which he said twelve or thirteen would be profit.
Bozo seemed an interesting man, and I was anxious to see more of him.
" Silk Texts " easy pass " in the term " cis " who should be the " Year of the meaning, began in the northeast, as in the Southwest.
Battle No. 3: Companies don't have a dress code but they still reprimand employees for wearing certain attire.
The fight degraded to bare knuckles and brutal kicks, and the metallic servo-powered Grievous had the clear advantage.
As one of the traditional Mongolian sports, BOKE enjoys profound cultural deposits and public preference in Inner Mongolia.
Birdie: And as for being fifth-rate, I closed the first half for eleven years and you know it!
Patty made a cake from scratch. It was much better than the cakes I make from a mix.
Birdie: Like. . . like she's studying you. Like you were a play or a book or a set of blueprints. How you walk, talk, think, eat, sleep. . .
Birdie: I'm. . . I'm sorry if I hurt your feelings. It's just my way of talking.
"The Greek government is under a huge amount of pressure from the Israeli government and probably our own government as well, " said Berlin.
Berger International, Inc. , is a modern air market the revolutionary forerunner, the French agent well-known brands LAMPEBERGER.
Berger said Clinton was afraid that two campaign issues were about to blow up in his face: Haiti and gays in the military.
Mr. Bog lived in Germany for seven years before he came to the U. S.
Berger sell 100 years ago in Shanghai, in a romantic legend and France, gave birth to the world's first aroma - Berg aroma oil.
Burgess cites one example: "We had Benny Goodman's 'Avalon' on there, but then we decided we needed to put 'Honeysuckle Rose' on because that had [electric guitarist] Charlie Christian on it.
Mr. Perkins said he plans to run a series of antibailout ads nationwide until he has spent all of his Goldman gains.
'I just felt that whatever the storm was and whatever bankruptcies happened, Goldman would be a survivor, ' said Mr. Perkins.
Meteorite lands. . . . (1998) are part of a series of works created as part of Parker's ongoing fascination with meteorites.
Edited by Bekoff, who says it will finally “ legitimize” research on animal emotions.
"In the field of high-speed trains we were asked to collaborate [with Chinese rail companies] but chose not to, " he said.
Burke the England constitutional government special experience promotes for the political civilization universal principle.
Burke not only is a positive promising political activist, moreover is "only for the substantive free realistic security" the political theoretician which but cogitation.
Burke's view is a conservative hierarchic view on rights, a privilege view reflecting the interests of the upper class.
Burke's theory of rights is a theory in defense of British Constitutional Monarchy.
Burke mentions three essential qualifications for the manager of government in his government view: ability;
Burke's political theory also could be used for reference to the innovation of China's political culture.
Any Bergsonian can attest that a gracefully curved trajectory must be followed by a responsive inner movement.
Plato included courage among the four cardinal or principal virtues, along with wisdom, justice and moderation.
The sun in Plato's allegory stands for the idea of goodness or "the Good. "
Plato is no metaphysician of this imperfect type, still less Aristotle, although the contrary is generally believed.
PLATO describes the consequences of the sophist denial of the existence of objective truths and standards, in several dialogues
Plato feared that our memories would atrophy with the coming of the printed word -- and perhaps he was not so far wrong!
In Plato's "Timaeus", female moodiness and misbehavior are explained with the wandering uterus theory.
Such an inevitable conflict, together with the impracticability of Philosophical Education, is vividly illustrated in Plato's Cave-Metaphor.
Plato's allegory of the cave influenced western thinkers who believe that happiness is found by finding deeper meaning.
Plato's idea is that if we start doing enough metaphysics, we can see there must be this realm of Platonic ideas, Platonic forms.
Plato 's words make a fitting summation of the Olympic spirit: "Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle. "
Plato's idealistic world is constructed around "gods" , which embodies his basic philosophy idea, and has great significance.
Plato’s theory of the soul can be found in his major work, *The Republic*, where it is a response to the challenge of the Sophists as to why one ought to live morally.
Plato's purpose was to warn his fellow Athenians to pull back from the precipice created by war and wealth.
Socrates, Plato tells us, heard the song of a swan on the day of his death.
Plato, one of the Sophists severest critics viewed them as the enemies of all that was best in Hellenic culture.
Modern : Plato and Aristotle were fascists. The life of reason is a fascist enterprise.
Plato probably translated "the land of the pillars which held the sky" (Keftiu) into the land of the titan Atlas (who held the sky).
Plato taught a trinity of the soul, in which it is easy to see analogies, pointing to a higher form of the doctrine.
In Plato's Ideal State soldiers were justified in fooling the enemy, doctors in fooling their patients, and officials in fooling the people.
Plato emphasized that philosopher kings' leadership would be shown by their ability to see the Forms, or universal ideals.
Plato saw clearly that morality must be severed from religion and made into an independent intellectual enterprise.
To Plato the mind accepted impressions in the same way that wax becomes marked when a pointed object is moved around on its surface.
Plato thinks that a man could live on very little money if his wants were reduced to a minimum, and this no doubt is true.
Well, Plato thinks that the empirical world has something of that kind of insanity, something of that kind contradictoriness, built into it that we don't ordinarily notice.
Plato stated that the continent lay in the Atlantic Ocean near the Straits of Gibraltar until its destruction 10, 000 years previous.
Plato was born in 427, which is four years after the commencement of the Peloponnesian War.
Plato was born into an aristocratic Athenian family, and he grew up during the Peloponnesian War.
The term Platonic love, familial love and religious love are also matter of great affection.
" Platonic flirtation can be a great way to build relationships and rapport with coworkers , " Graham concludes .
PLATONIC, adj. Pertaining to the philosophy of Socrates . Platonic Love is a fool's name for the affection between a disability and a frost.
Plato: It is called New York and the plan for Central Park was done by a landscape architect called Frederick Law Olmsted.
Plato was the first really to capitalize on, which is people always want what is good.
Plato was a brilliant pearl among the ancient Geek philosophers whose thoughts have impacted greatly the western civilization.
Plato explored the nature of morality by asking how you would behave if you possessed the ring of Gyges, which makes the wearer invisible.
Plato was the first philosopher to explore the definition of knowledge, the relationship between knowledge and belief.
Plato said:The soul of people comes from a perfect homestead where has no any dirtiness and ugliness the real world around us shows, where only has pureness and beauties.
Plato said: if the love, don't miss opportunities. Recklessly, may make you regret for a while, Cowardice, but may make you regretting.
Plato said: time will slowly precipitation, some people will be in your heart gradually blurred. Learn to let go, you need to own happiness.
Plato said: time like a river, is unable to forget left, right is worth grasp among youth, swift flow, is the sad young faint.
Plato is feeling love said, when this feeling has not, but I still in force, this call responsibility!
Platon said: sometimes the encounter between people is like a meteor, an instant burst of sparks enviable, but only in a hurry but doomed.
Plato through good public education, the communist system, training of Philosophy, etc, wanted to achieve his utopia.
Plato hoped to set up a utopia by education, but ultimately made education become the implement defending social order.
"Leontius "Leontius," he writes, "was proceeding from the Piraeus outside the north wall when he perceived corpses lying near the public executioner.
Plato, Aristotle, and Thomas Hobbes posited the superiority theory of humor, which states that we find the misfortune of others amusing.
And Plato believed that children had to grow up in an atmosphere of play to become virtuous citizens.
Plato tells a more metaphysical version of the Atlantis story in "Critias. "
In The Ideal Kingdom, Plato elaborates the objective concept, content concept and method concept of his ethical education thought.
An example of the last is Plato's view in the Symposium that the right kind of child-leading will lead him to immortality.
Plato describes in "Phaedrus, " in mythological language, why and how the souls take their birth upon this plane, either as human or animal.
Morality, Plato argues, comes from full disclosure; without accountability for our actions we would all behave unjustly.
Plato was prepared to say that the truly just person, whose soul is ordered, is beyond tragedy, and cannot be harmed.
Swimming, Kayaking, Wind surfing, Rock Climbing, Beach Volleyball, Leadership Training, High-Rope, Low Rope, Orienteering , etc.
But he also takes pride in dishing up a variety of traditional favourites, ranging from steak and kidney pudding to fish and chips, to provide a taste of home.
The Berlin strings have always been deep and mellow: they like to blend.
Fortunately, the political overtones that made the Berlin Olympics such a sinister event are completely absent.
The Berliner Dom is a magnificent baroque cathedral built between 1894 and 1905. It is located on an island in the river Spree.
Berlin's Love Parade attracted young people from all over the world, eclipsing memories of the city's role in the Nazi era.
Berlin's streetscapes and restaurants dazzle less than those of Paris or London. Apart from that, it is hard to find fault with the city.
People of Berlin — people of the world — this is our moment.
Berlin newspapers suggested the accident numbers were so high because police were insufficiently trained to drive the 177-horsepower cars.
Structural Characteristics of the Glass Roof of the Hippo House at Berlin Zoo
female polar bear sika dozes in berlin zoo . the recent unseasonably - warm weather has disturbed the bears ' hibernation.
It's likely though that Berlin will put a rescue package in place but don't expect to see too much money flow in Greece's way before May 9.
The mood in Berlin is edgy partly because German officials are acutely aware of the bad relations between Mr Sarkozy and Chancellor Angela Merkel.
This produce marketer near Berlin says selling tomatoes has become all but impossible since the E. coli outbreak began.
Berlin architects Sauerbruch Hutton have completed the exterior of the new Brandhorst Museum in Munich, Germany.
Berlin police reckon that this last explanation accounts for around one-third of car-burnings.
BUY the prosecco, it's cheaper, advises Alexander Jeschke, proprietor of the Vinifera wine shop on Berlin's Klausenerplatz.
The Berlin Airlift was a brilliant demonstration of Anglo-American power, peacefully employed for democratic ends.
Orders have come from Berlin to teach nothing but German in the schools of Alsace and Lorraine.
Ernst Nolte, a Berlin historian, expounded this theory over 20 years ago in a paper that was not given much credit at the time.
BERLIN (Reuters) - Even the most quirky of computer nerds can learn to flirt with finesse thanks to a new "flirting course" being offered to budding IT engineers at Potsdam University south of Berlin.
BERLIN (Reuters) -- Before leaving on vacation, a German couple set up a loudspeaker and timer rigged to blast their neighbors with the sound of a crowing cock every morning.
Following the fall of the Berlin wall, Germany was gingerly negotiating the terms of reunification.
In the two decades since the fall of the Berlin Wall, that distinction has not been appreciated well enough.
After the wall fell a second wave ensued, lured by east Berlin's vacant housing and a breakdown of police authority.
The fall of the Berlin Wall contributed greatly to the downfall of the communist system in the whole bloc, but it was not the first decisive event.
The fall of the Berlin Wall made history, but that history was made by countless men and women over many decades who longed for a world in which their rights would be protected too.
THE fall of the Berlin Wall was not big news in Russia. Neither was it a surprise.
The fall of the Wall led to the collapse of Communist power, German reunification and the Cold War's end.
Opening the wall was a moment of history that finally led to German re-unification.
The Wall was another manifestation of the wartime Allies' failure to agree on what to do with a defeated Germany.
The Wall was a violent scar across the landscape, the cityscape and the imagination.
The wall fell because of those thousands of pressing bodies, and because of that border guard's shrug.
The second week in November is also the week of the fall of the Berlin wall in 1989, when freedom prevailed over totalitarian rule.
People of Berlin—people of the world—this is our moment. This is our time.
Being home to people from over 180 nations, Berlin is a magnet for individuals who are attracted by its liberal lifestyle, urban eclecticism , and artistic freedom.
Mayor of Berlin Woweilaite said: "This is a heartbreaking news, 'Knut' wide by the people, it is the star of the Berlin Zoo. "
Berlin flies its former citizens back for a week of visits, all expenses paid and complete with a reception by the mayor.
The enormous Holocaust memorial that dominates a chunk of central Berlin was completed only after years of debate. But the building of monuments to the Nazi disgrace continues unabated.
Berlin is the capital and largest city and Bonn the seat of government.
Berlin is an open city in which intolerance, xenophobia and anti-Semitism are not tolerated.
It is believed (says an Exchange Berlin telegram) that the fire was due to arson, as it commenced at five or six different points simultaneously.
Artists from around the world are attracted to Berlin and many consider Berlin the unofficial capital of German film.
Berlin wants the gathering of politicians and community leaders to develop into a permanent advisory body on Christian-Muslim relations.
It was of a United States ascendant that Berlin wrote, a confident nation assuming responsibility for the world.
A campsite in a former Berlin lido offers the best of both worlds - a city centre location with plenty of green space
An order has come from Berlin that no language but German may be taught in the schools of Alsace and Lorraine.
Berlin, for so long cleft in two in every way imaginable, has hosted a thriving underground for decades, and particularly since reunification in 1990.
Berlin has music, art and nightlife to rival Europe's more established capitals, but not their high costs and hellish commutes.
Berlin expects the economy to contract by 6 per cent this year in the sharpest contraction since the "great depression" of the 1930s.
As the growth of cypress forces, the content of soil n, p, k, organic matter showed the trend of shock downward as a cosine function.
The cypress-trees were like burnt-out torches. From one of them a nightingale was singing.
Owners of pachinko -parlours (venus for a popular sort of pinball) and others now hire security firms using former policemen.
Brenan Academy students benefit from more than a standard college preparatory education; they get real life college experience.
Sun Power, the solar subsidiary of Cypress Semiconductor, is now worth almost as much as its chipmaking parent company.
The cypress trunks themselves brought to mind the sturdy legs of large dinosaurs.
Pyrofomes demidoffii is a new recorded species of the new recorded genus in the China and Asia, and a pathogenic fungus of juniper.
Cypress like Cedarwood helps initiates to remember that they are really strong enough within to persevere and transcend.
Near Disney World and Orlando, Florida, the Cypress Cove Resort offers a range of recreational activities, including biking, a lakeside beach and a small golf course.
Cypress is another woodsy smell that will remind you to ground unto the Earth Mother for comfort and peace as well as attune to the pine tree kingdom.
The cypress wei company's product has covered now the cabinet market entire serial products.
In end of his last article, he said "Do not sing song of praise for King, but say truth for people" .
The choice of sites depends on the wind, tidal currents and visibility .
Laterns and colourful bands are hanged alongside the long street, displaying a festive scene.
A centimeter - gram - second unit of dynamic viscosity equal to one Dyne - second per square centimeter.
Botou modern and Foshan, Wuxi and that "China's three major casting base" , is the birthplace of China's modern foundry industry is one.
Botou City Kyung Park Des boiler factory is in North China grate one of the main manufacturers.
Berthing structure Bottom keel structure Bow structure Braced structure Bridge structure Forecastle structure
Cargo hatchway Cargo markings Cargo throughput Carton cargo Case cargo Consignee Consignor Consign
An analysis on relationship between the shipwreck of combination vessels and the gale accident in the Bohai Straits
Recent petroleum exploration progress in the sea beach and shoal area of Bohai Bay
Bohai area is in the east part of Bohai Bay Basin, and experienced rifting, transfer and post-rifting phases in Tertiary.
Discussion on the Viscosity Reduction by Chemical Huff and Puff in SZ 36-1 Oil Field
Analysis of Synoptic System and Wind-Field Structure of a Storm Surge in Bohai Sea
A primary research report on inshore swimming animals of Tianjin, Bohai Bay by trawl
Holocene Ostracoda Assemblages and Marine Transgression-Regression Cycle in the Northwestern Coastal Area of the Bohai Gulf
The genealogy of the royal family is also disputed. Koreans claims that the founder Da Zuorong was a Goguryeo.
Bohai Sea, due to its proximity to China's capital Beijing, is one of the busiest sea ways in the world.
Dilution jamming is an important means for naval vessels resisting anti-ship missile. It's effect is restricted by many factors.
Operational Simulation on Decision of Chaff Launching in Centroid Jamming Mode and Ship Maneuvering
The neck is considered to be a very sexy part of the body.
stately heavy-bodied aquatic bird with very long neck and usually white plumage as adult.
the vultures, bare-necked, heavy, sat on the top of the tree waiting for the carrion to come floating down the river.
that getting hit forty-five times in the neck with a blunt axe would qualify you to join the Headless Hunt?
His neck was in pain and lifting his hand to it found it horribly swollen.
The bandana handkerchief tied around the neck could be lifted to cover mouth and nostrils from dust.
The removal of several lymph nodes from my neck and subsequent radiation treatments have rendered my lymphatic system unable to drain fluids from my head.
A penguin without a red scarf around his neck is not a real penguin.
That thing on Phyllis's neck opened up again! Phyllis I'm busy, Ma ! Too busy to help your mother with her zipper?
The neck is considered to be a very sexy part of the female body so be very careful when you choose to hide or alter it.
when the officers were corruption, the commerce were afraid of illegal deprivation and did not dare to overseas, and the trade suffered.
Platinum (Pt) resistance is an ideal temperature sensor that is widely used in the industrial measurement and control system.
Platinum resistance thermometer elements are temperature transducers, their resistance values change with the change in temperature.
Platinum composite electrode was prepared that platinum was compounded on titanium, tantalum, and niobium substrates by proper technology.
Platinum roared to the front in early July and maintained its lead ever since.
In other precious metals, platinum and palladium both rose to their highest in more than a year on Tuesday before retreating.
Platinum will be helped with billions of dollars of aid from General Motors, Delphi's biggest customer.
platinum becomes a symbol of nobleness and gracefulness , because of its implicit and pure luster.
Platinum-based drugs are used extensively for treating cancer, but their use can be limited by toxicities and resistance.
Platinum (Pt): Most familiar for its use in jewelry, platinum is more often used in the systems that control vehicle emissions in our cars.
Hence, a refutation of Acheson may benefit many Chinese by widening their horizon.
When two trays are unloaded the barge turns its other side to the cranes. . .
Solar panels and wind turbines on the barge meant that it could produce food with near-zero net carbon emissions.
A large flat-bottomed barge, especially one used to deliver or unload goods to or from a cargo ship or transport goods over short distances.
Dismiss their protests: they're just being opportunistic. For a handball offence to be committed it has to be deliberate, and this clearly isn't.
They will retort the existing route chart, fabricate its own new route chart that leads to this unknown territory .
Barge to do beautiful mud broken dust eave, the dark corner swept away thousands of feet.
On the split: split on some of the events and issues statements, exposed and refuted wrong, and the reactionary views or ideas.
Before he arrived at the basket of steamed buns, the lame girl could hardly wait for him, and dotted and went one away with her own bowl.
The cripple dipped the whip tip into the chip solution nearby his hip.
Braja Babu was one of the most enthusiastic of these blood-thirstless shikaris. He was the Superintendent of the Metropolitan Institution and had also been our private tutor for a time.
The Bu is good to promise very happily, immediately write the address of Wei house on the paper, the hands hand over to Huo mulberry.
"I've heard people saying that you're merciful and generous, " Bo Pi replied.
"Divination" is to predict future developments, and "I Ching" is the theory of summing up the law books of these projections.
Mrs. Pott received Mr. Pick-wick's paternal grasp of the hand with enchanting sweetness.
No! NLP is not just about communication. A further study of these great therapists, it is how they think makes them a great communicator.
No, " replied Elinor, most feelingly sensible of every fresh circumstance in favour of Lucy's veracity. "
"No, Edward, don't—" And then something smashed into my face, throwing me back into the broken mirrors.
Does not love love, will never go bad. Therefore, we flirt, we are ambiguous, actually never must fall in love.
When you are single, you have more time to enrich your soul and ameliorate your life quality. You have more passion towards your friends and more free time to do your favorites.
Do not care for the house or do not pay attention to hygiene comrades do not harass!
The Joker, who doesn’t care for money and wants only the power to sow chaos, intimidates everyone, including the gangsters.
No love, anyone let go, another would be hit sorely by rebound power of the elastic band . You let go either when he let go fearfully.
Don't love so many, love a little, the tender feeling point order, spreading rice, eating salty flavor, then can be awake to cherish.
He who does not love me will not obey my teaching. These words you hear are not my own; they belong to the Father who sent me.
no , emmanuel , i am but a man , and your admiration is as unmerited as your words are sacrilegious .
A troubled wolf may be driven from the pack of her unpredictable behavior , or an adolescent may be ostracized or even institutionalized .
It destabilizes the mass and electrical equilibrium of the gas atoms, bringing them into a critical state for energy utilization.
And Send them off uneasily, ELFs watched them get into the China market.
Unsteadily working my way in the dark to the bathroom, secured the door latch to make sure my sleep was not interrupted again.
An insecure handshake was a sign that one side is apprehensive about the transaction.
Unsafe buffers can only be instance fields of structs in an unsafe context.
If a fork lift truck is not used in a safe manner, it might be very hazardous.
Unsafe injection practices: Data show that worldwide up to 40% of injections are given with syringes and needles reused without sterilization and in some countries this proportion is as high as 70%.
Tax thresholds that are not inflation indexed will result in a growing claw -back of personal income to the state.
Not complying with the provisions in conducting other operations pursuant to the operating rules concerning maritime traffic safety.
Color printed card transfers and membership card making Ribbon is divided into three separate color groups: yellow, magenta and cyan.
Color screen business card printing and membership card making general order of color to yellow, green, magenta and black.
No, Auckland is bigger than Wellington, and Auckland is the biggest city in New Zealand.
That way of not taking the tragic seriously is not so grievous, but it helps to judge a man.
Keep a multivitamin out on the kitchen counter right by the coffeepot so you remember to take one every morning.
One explanation for not imposing more collective responsibility on individuals: separation of morals and law.
Instead of having them be a constant distraction in your days, set aside a period of a few days or weeks to all-out indulge in this hobby.
not to me compared to cloves, because I did not chime of her delicate and fragrant;
It would be against Ms Tymoshenko's nature not to turn her show trial into political theatre.
No, papa, forgive me if I have done what you dislike. I know less about it than you do.
Does Not Contain: Yeast, wheat, soy, gluten, milk, starch, artificial flavors, artificial colors, artificial sweeteners, alcohol or honey.
Image does not contain an embedded thumbnail image, this method creates a thumbnail image by scaling the main image.
Except stair treads, ladders, handrails, grating and fixings, bolts, washers and nuts which shall be galvanised.
No, the percentage of time that the CPU spends handling interrupts is not a subset of the total busy time for that CPU.
Excluding the volatile food and energy categories, wholesale prices rose by the most in more than two years.
Not the bit about denying food and medical care to those who need them: America’s failure to take care of its own less-fortunate citizens is a national disgrace.
It does not include the transfer of a real estate through inheritance or donation without compensation.
Excluding freight costs, spot prices are more than 90 per cent above the $61 a tonne 2009-10 contract price.
Bearing types that are not included in the matrix are generally only used for a few well-defined applications.
Contains no sugar, salt, yeast, wheat, gluten, corn, soy, milk, egg, shellfish or preservatives.
Not saving it would be something out of the ordinary that should be handled by some dusty dialog box.
Does not guarantee uninterrupted and consistently good functioning of the website at all times.
no , honey , no spanking . come on , kids . i know what we need to do.
The contents of unsaturated fatty acids were more than 60%. As a healthy oil, egg yolk triglyceride will have a profound developing value.
The impartial observer had to acknowledge that his lack of regulation culture did not seem to impede him in any way.
Issued by quasi-phonetic sound remember its spelling, it is only right and proper.
And he that doth not take his cross and follow after me, is not worthy of me.
Bad habits are formed by the slow and steady accumulation of mindless minutes.
I was glad not to be lodge-bound, but it was harder than I expected: I couldn't catch my breath and my knees felt like glass.
The node that is not contained by any other node but is the ancestor to all the other nodes is the root node.
Unconsidered , yet a daily necessity - a clean pair of socks is a great metaphor for family love.
A Chinese government source, who asked not to be identified, said, 'The arrest warrants are just a kind of warning (to the Japanese).
Inadvertent pollution " refers to the unintended introduction of a material that causes plant damage. "
Options do not have to be used in the order shown in the syntax section.
You don't have to assign an imported CSV file to a variable as was shown in the example at the beginning of this section.
We don't have to speculate because the President tells us himself in his autobiography, Dreams from My Father.
Don't worry about suspending disbelief: for an hour or so Boyle will do it for you.
Not to fret. The USDA says a redesign of the pyramid is underway and will follow the release of the new Dietary Guidelines in December.
Don't worry; you can still swipe through up to 7 days' worth of Bing images.
Coon. Rather than worry that people think you are a 'flake, ' realize that some things are simply beyond your control and not your fault.
Does not need to worry that sometimes the world carries off all, no matter is HIPHOP or the rock and roll, my love has been invariable.
You do not have to wait for nightly maintenance or run the Clean-MailboxDatabase cmdlet for the mailbox to be disconnected.
Not from the grand old masters, Not from the bards sublime, Whose distant footsteps echo through the corridors of time.
Needless to say, there is no excuse for this and I extend my sincerest apologies along with the attached check.
Needless to say, it has been an up and down year for the Rockets.
Word to the wise, these cookies have a great deal of sugar- about 14g for a serving of 3 small cookies so enjoy in moderation.
No. The law permits you to bring in two bottles of wine or liquor and a carton of cigarettes duty-free .
Do not read poetry, had already started to Qingyin: Peach the main cluster of blooms, lovely dark red love light red?
You don't have to go sky-diving, but a little shared danger is a proven aphrodisiac.
Do not tell me of the people you associate with; let me observe it by your manners. ---R. W.
At the start of the month, estimate how much money you'll receive and decide where needs to go.
They don't have to be extensive (just a couple of pages), but they must be action-oriented and give you some early wins to celebrate.
It’s a great way to quickly freshen up a few rooms without spending the whole day cleaning.
That's not to discredit the premise that you should do what you love, and the money will follow.
Don't go mixing crazy colors and creating muddy transitions, opt instead for a simple gradient.
Do not cancel your credit cards (except for those with a zero balance). Instead, ask for a better deal.
Not surprisingly, the decision was made to close down Oil of Melaleuca, Inc, which had taken off with such great promise.
Not surprisingly, he often longs to be a flower or some other plant.
No buts about it. Now, let me show you around. This is our reception area, and our conference room is right over there.
Every thought comes, without effort or hesitation, the moment you choose to think it into existence.
"What's the matter? The pearls of wisdom leaping from my lips like lemmings is no good for you? "
Oh, no need, I can meet him when i come next time, it seams most of your tools are new, it means it is a new factory?
Ignore people who try to dissuade you from following through on your idea.
"Don't worry about other fires. Get this one out, " the members of the fire brigade shouted.
But that's no reason to let their criticism affect your own view of yourself, or your own self-worth.
It doesn't have to be something expensive nor big. It may be just a little toy to your poor neighbor's child.
Need not be a fully fledged web shop, but maybe PayPal API suited for small dealers and end customer alike.
Those callings, not to mention the sumptuous city itself, would have led his eye toward women, both undressed and very well dressed.
Needless to say, Republicans won't go along with anything like this. They balk even at the president's modest plan.
Needless to say, continuing to do her research while battling bipolar disorder has been difficult.
Needless to say, Twilight heroin is far from being the most disturbing unauthorised Twilight product.
Needless to say people have wondered if this cognitive fluency lark could be used to make people part with their cashola.
Needless to say (what, you did not try help plot with yet? ), you can use pt instead of the verbose pointtype.
Needless to say, my wife will arrange and pay for the care of the children while my wife is working.
Needless to say, I got a few stares when I entered (I'm guessing not due to how amazingly good I looked).
Needless to say, it is still prudent to get flu shots and to do so on a regular basis.
It did not have to please a constituency of supporters, nor did it have to look for votes in a future election.
It allows you to add in new information without messy scratching out or squeezing in.
It won t take much to grab someone s undivided attention this week.
Even without an abacus, it is easy to show that Chinese interest rates are still surprisingly low.
Use those big battleships and cruisers to bombard the territory instead of having to clear the sea zone first.
Wordlessly, relying on the heart's semaphores, the mother says all an infant needs to hear, communicating through eyes, face and voice.
Unnecessary ambiguity, can often be a personal injury of the injured all over the body.
Unnecessary words are the bane of good speeches. Let me repeat that. . .
Unnecessarily tight tolerances lead to high cost of manufacture resulting from more expensive manufacturing methods and higher reject rates.
One of the most common sources of unnecessarily large header sizes is large cookies.
It doesn't have to be anything especially glamorous or expensive, it's just about getting some time to yourself and a change of scenery.
You don't have to deal with the buzz of florescent lights all day long, or stare endlessly at the drab gray cubicle walls.
This book is not meant to be read meticulously, cover to cover, in the attempt to learn every last detail about old Shanghai; it just isn't there.
Do not be concerned with it; under no circumstance should you try to practice the staccato motion that way in slower tempos.
Don't worry, lead a regular life and shampoo your hair once a week.
not necessarily to be strong, but to feel strong, to measure yourself at least once.
Don't get hung up on making your to-do list perfect. Just jot down, in a few words, any tasks which you want to get done.
Without repeating the discussion from that column, a DFA is a structure to which XPaths can be compiled efficiently.
You do not have to reboot or restart the IIS server for changes to take effect.
It is not always necessary to implement redundant components in every level of your design.
Not cheap by any means, the 335i is nonetheless a dream car for any enthusiast's garage.
Inconvenient means that the product is less usable for the persona, but the persona can still use it without significant hardship.
The snag is that the rotation of the Earth is not so reliable.
What remains constant in the nationalist is his state of mind: the object of his feelings is changeable, and may be imaginary.
Constant, is in the meaning of death. It always is one of the most enduring, the hospice.
For geometric invariance of the invariant moment, it has been used in pattern recognition, computer vision and image reconstruction.
Invariant moments are important measure in the pattern recognition. Invariant moments are independent of position, scale and orientation.
do not chromotropic, does not damage suites. Stable in storage, and pigment reaction does not occur.
Immutability means that once changes are committed to a repository, they are a permanent part of a project's historical record.
unnumbered lists give a corresponding result, except that the problem of restarting with 1 is not applicable.
Does not represent a generic type parameter, the value of this property is undefined.
Pooh! nonsense, mother! ' said the little father Jackal. 'Come, we'll run on a bit! '
No, it can't be! This story is too morbid for me. All the people I approach die one after another.
indirect film (red film) and needs of the drying of pictorial film together Sun-3-5 minutes.
Will dry clean junction envirogluvtm, often used as a second method, solvent for incineration and ultrasonic wave method.
Will all take the paper out of toothpaste after washing, skull and butter, try machine, it works just fine.
it will screen on the check to see if there are residual oils and fats, if useful detergent cleaning again.
Move the paper soaking in a gutter seven or eight minutes, then remove the line to dry to touch a drop of water are not guests'glasses.
Pong: No, today all the members of the household are here: my dad and mum, my elder sister, and my niece. They are all here.
No, borscht. It's cold beet soup. A lot of Vitamin C. Real good.
"No, no, " said the bat. "Look at my body covered with fur, and look at my mouth with sharp teeth. "
No no no, don't misunderstand me, I said I'll take a picture for you if you want.
On some surface strength poor Board, although a variety of ways, however, are still unable to clear off the paper powder and blistering.
No ! No ! No ! It was impossible. Her hands clutched the iron in frenzy. Amid the seas she sent a cry of anguish .
no , no , no . not at all . by all means , kill the whelp.
'No, no, I cannot. Don't insist, don't. I don't love you, so it would be foolish, 'she said with a laugh.
"No, " says Hector. "You lost that because you are Jack-O' the jackoff. "
Let's don't overdo a good thing. Only when the time is right -- and only on special stories.
no , no , no . you love daddy . - come on , satchel
No, no, no. They are all handmade, girl. You know, the ancient Chinese women were supposed to be good at needlework.
"No, no, no. . . " She stumbled backwards down the front steps, falling as her bare foot slipped on the slick dew-drenched grass.
No, no, no. It's a matter of life and death And I need a phonograph too
No-no-no, it's just a bit sudden. (Listens) No, it's great. Okay? . I'm totally on board I love you too, all righty .
Live color laser printer should print out a color separation proof (in the form of a black and white).
No, not on a timeout facing the wall, or looking like a scared little wallflower - but sitting at the end of the bar.
No, that's not true! It was standing close to the stallion, so it's the stallion's foal.
In the case of circular or elliptical dot, the diameter or major axis maximum value, which is adjacent to the center of the wire.
No, no, " one of the others said, " that would be unjust.
"No, no, " she answered when asked to comment, as she pointed to her husband. "He's the sarpanch. What's the point in talking to me? "
"No, no, " said he, "recommend thyself to God, " and was just ready to strike . . .
"No, you will not! " said the little red hen. "I shall eat this fresh, tasty bread all by myself! "
No, they won't, mama. The small apples may have gone to bed, but the big ones mustn't.
No, it doesn't pinch. It seems to be a perfect fit. But I don't like the color. Do you have gray ones?
No, not only for high pay (remuneration), but also for a good working environment.
Not only our children and grandchildren, but all future generations should not have to go through this tragedy.
'No, no. Not in the least, 'he replied. Then he turned to the housekeeper.
"No, no, " Caleb said. "You're looking at it all wrong. What you need is a story that adapts itself perfectly to the editor. "
The reply rang out hurriedly, "No! no! Come away quick - quick! This is no place to stay, and on this of all nights! "
No! Mr. Li, you've gotten me totally confused! It sounds contradictory and illogical. How can one refuse a nonexistent free dinner?
"No. YOU don't understand! " cried Ahsoka, tears bursting out of her eyes.
"Do not take care of him not, the old mendicant isn't me . . . . . . my companion. " The Du Du glimpses an answer way.
No, not the pot smoking kind of hippy , but the kind that has time to sit on old couches in a small apartment and talk with friends.
no , it ' s not food . it ' s a scavenger
No, not him. I'm thinking of Professor Stempler. The one with a bushy beard and purple hair. He seems a bit mad.
No-no, she kicked our butts. You could be on the Olympic standing-there team.
"No, it's not for Chinese workers, " I will answer when my mother takes her first jab at me over the China boycott.
No, not that. A ruined financier jumped out of the thirty-fifth story window of the Securities Building and landed on Papa's pushcart.
"No. Not at all, " he said, sounding as if he were telling a subtle joke. "But maybe you'll finally understand. "
No it does not. It belongs to Taiwan. Mainland China also belongs to Taiwan. . . I can not wait to see communism go the way of the dinosaur.
'Nay, but it is a Star-Child, ' he answered; and he told her the strange manner of the finding of it.
"No, no, " he said, "that wasn't what I meant. Has anybody seen MY cock? "
"No, no, " he said, "that wasn't what I meant. Has anybody seen a cock that doesn't belong to them? "
"No, no, " he said, "that wasn't what I meant. Has anybody seen a cock? "
No, no, no I wasn't optimistic I had just never lost faith that I would turn this into a defining event when I got out of this.
No, no, doubtless he was deceived, and IT was but one of those dreams that forerun death!
Joey: Nono, she kicked our butts. You could be on the Olympic standingthere team.
'No, no, Tess, ' said he quickly. And almost before she was aware she was seated in his arms and resting against his shoulder.
No, no! "said the Queen. " Off with his head! The jury can say what it thinks later.
No no. The futuristic look is all wrong. It's actually a big passe. What we need is a new approach. Suprise our audience.
No, my young friend, the Virtues exist to ennoble us and make us fully human.
No, no, I wish to do away with that mysterious reputation that you have given me, my dear viscount;
No, no. I'm telling you Betty White. . . Look I kind of got a hunchback there, aren't I a little bit?
No, no. But I'm wondering if I can buy you a present for Valentine's Day.
no , no , my dear fellow , do not confound our plans.
Do not waste your time and as well as your talent doing childish stuff and again I'd recommend you not to change anything in the system as robbery is always done with no clues left.
No, don't try to tend me. I'm becoming chubby, and I have to slender down.
“No, you must not do that, Henry,” the grey-haired miner said. “I am getting old. And any little sorrow makes me cry.
No, no, Isabella, you shan't run off,' she continued, arresting, with feigned playfulness, the confounded girl, who had risen indignantly.
No, no, Seignor Inglese, says he, Mr. Englishman, I mill carry you thither in Charity, and those things mill help you to buy your Subsistance there and your Passage home again.
Lynette: No, not necessarily. It was self-defense. He broke into your house. He threatened you. We could explain that.
B: No, no. Just drop them by anytime this week. Now let me introduce you to Dr. Brown in the Foreign Language Department.
(Joey gives him a thumbs up) No-no it'll be good, I can tell her much I've been thinking about her.
The only way to reclaim the freedom of your mind is to stop living your life by a template and pave your own way.
and concentrated sulfuric acid or fuming sulfuric acid are not adopted as the sulfonating reagent, so equipment can be corroded less.
The concept of being victorious without engaging in conflict is fundamental to Sun Tzu's strategic thought.
They did not exhaust the incapable and had sympathy for the wounded and sick, thereby showing what is benevolence.
Not ever acknowledged of course, but still, she'd heard him softly sing along-saw the look on his face when he thought he was unobserved.
The British public, which had not been unduly angered about the invasion of privacy of stars and politicians, was outraged.
"Never did have much of a career path, " he says. "Never could do anything but the hustle. "
"No," replied Zarathustra, "I will give no alms. I am not poor enough for that."
On the quality of different levels of density, quadrochromatic methods vary depending on the result of the manuscript.
In the case of UV-curing varnish, light oil curing degree and UV lamp has issued a wavelength and UV intensity has much to do.
For roller manufacturer, for the user to select the best distribution of obligations is not misleading.
For his part, lubrication should be inspected to ensure lubrication of the Prince Philip.
For business card printing and membership card, the higher the whiteness of the paper, the better.
It would have been churlish not to do so, and we dined in high style at the Rossmount Inn in St Andrews. Seafood was never so sublime.
Since formal occasions don't come that often, it can be a waste to spend a ton of money on one frock.
What is unusual, or unheard of, is to see an overweight, unfocused young man like Bynum turn behaviorally on a dime.
Evergreen subshrubs or climbing lianas, epiphytic, less frequently epipetric or terrestrial, not rhizomatous.
infrequently used items away from the work area and dispose of items that are not needed.
No, Sir, at the beginning the time that the Earth is assault, we were unique to got in touch with the KEO person finally.
before long , an estate advertisement entitled " dre2amland for the salaried" caught my eyes.
So the nobleman had his carriage hitched up, rode out to the village, and asked him if he were Doctor Know-All.
Last night we gave it a few too many turns and it tried to bash the roof out also.
Does not surpass 50 (not to live including art), therefore, recommends on you to test intensely personally, wishes your good luck!
Not more than 5 pounds shall be required to raise or lower sash throughout its full length of travel.
The story of the "unsinkable" luxury liner Titanic has fascinated people for nearly a century.
Do not punish me if you have not let me out for 3 hours and I tinkle .
azygous: Occurring singly; NOT one of a pair, as a vein or muscle.
Immaturity is the incapacity to use one's intelligence without the guidance of another.
unwritten rules than the provisions of the statute more effective regulation of our lives and behavior.
The problem with any unwritten law is that you don't know where to go to erase it.
not forming (that is, for saw): mainly forming hook and forming a skateboard mismatch.
"No, indeed, I cannot, " said Little Claus; "only think how much profit I could make out of this conjuror. "
and respect the diversity of the world and attempt to impose uniformity are sure to run themselves into a stone wall.
Not acknowledging that the zero nominal growth assumption, not the entitlement changes, is driving that 2020 score is also sleazy.
The failure to recognize the peridural catheter as the cause of vertebral pain led to therapeutic delay in two cases.
It is humbug to pretend that this is not a motive, and a strong one. . .
not through on-site other fake, fake or substandard business card printing and membership card making, operators, as far as paying.
Please translate: The dishonest engineers passed off a poorly built bridge by pretending it was well constructed.
Misleading someone in love is an unforgivable crime; as, if it is found out, it can lead to distrust, misgivings and a broken relationship.
Dishonest means will not help you, and on the contrary will lead you to great difficulties.
THE DONKEY THAT DOES NOT EAT GRASS--Qingdao Was China's First City to Have Bicycles
Chuck Norris does not eat. Food understands that the only safe haven from Chuck Norris' fists is inside his own body .
The meal skippers had elevated fasting glucose levels and a delayed insulin response — conditions that, if they persisted long term, could lead to diabetes.
Do not eat the food of putrefaction , do not drink unboiled water, eat melon and fruit raw to want scald, want nurturance anteprandial hind the good convention that wash one's hands.
Eating foods that don't come with copious amounts of packaging saves from adding to landfill.
"Without any supper? " said Snape, a triumphant smile flickering across his gaunt face.
Skipping meals throw your metabolism out of balance, causing you to gain fat and lose energy.
Do not eat breakfast , cause chronic disease easily , have infringement for health.
Eat eat staple food staple, runaway for a week, 20 pounds weight loss.
Inadequate water element leads to a sticky waste management system in which toxins build up to a point of creating disease.
Inadequate and/or wildly inaccurate information clearly complicates the process of making informed and intelligent investment decisions in Africa.
Do not smoke, he did not know leave for their own deeply guilty.
In less than 30 years' time the Star Trek holodeck will be a reality.
Within forty minutes her head was covered with tiny, close lying curls that made her look wonderfully like a truant schoolboy.
Within forty minutes her head was coveded with tiny, closelying curls that made her look wonderfully like a truant schoolboy.
The elders intuition was prophetic: Dazzle returned to his people as a Shadow Priest like none seen before.
As everyone expected, Ted's chimerical scheme to make a fortune by raising ermines in his backyard proved a dismal failure.
In a few years he found himself famous in France and abroad as the foremost composer of the new music.
and if no such voucher is produced, the person penalized shall have the right to refuse to pay the fine.
"The next generation will come up in less than two years, " he says.
Do not go see a doctor will be able to buy things, the children can receive education at home through the computer.
As you might have guessed, my girlfriend simply HATES my blog title. . .
In a fortnight they were to go, and once gone, she hoped there could be nothing more to plague her on his account.
Within forty minutes her head was covered with tiny, close-lying curls that made her look wonderfully like a truant schoolboy.
Within forty minutes her head was covered with tiny, close-lying curls that made her look wonderfully like a truant schoolboy.
Airfare, not surprisingly, was charged to company cards 83% of the time, but airline fees only 19% of the time.
As expected, Barr captures the loose, colloquial, and occasionally anarchic flavor of the author's prose.
Unsurprisingly they found that nurture, in the form of experience, counted for a lot.
Sure enough, in February 2008 the auctions began to fail when there was a dash for cash.
Not surprisingly, Fed officials denied there was an inconsistency between keeping inflation stable and rates low for a long time.
Lo and behold, the next day people on her phone's contact list began receiving text messages from her phone.
Not surprisingly, the hard-to-read font led to increased deliberation time, as people were forced to decipher their alternatives.
Unsurprisingly, Google has tapped its prowess in Web search for a section called Sparks.
Unsurprisingly, Wall Street banks are now trying to exploit these tribal divisions to the full.
As she had intended, Gerald was startled by the sound; then he recognized her, and a look both sheepish and defiant came over his florid face.
Perhaps unsurprisingly he was also the Secretary to the Lighthouse Commission at the time.
As if on cue, the horse he was working with settled down when it sensed the other horse in the area.
Her detractors have, predictably, damned her as an attention-seeker, a disgrace or a pervert
There was also a study done, that not surprisingly, 92 percent of the children in Iraq had learning impediments, due to a climate of fear.
Not surprisingly, all of the pavilions I visited seemed to have one thing in common -- admiration of technological innovation.
Predictably, we did not uncover any new truths about the West in three short weeks.
The remark, soon lampooned as "Let them eat iP ads" , predictably drew derision.
Naturally, both men were keen to convey a sense that they are ever vigilant and that the cash machine network is safe.
Unsurprisingly, all this only increased scepticism about the promised new round of talks.
Unsurprisingly, this proposal has been a source of contention with financial firms who like things just the way they are.
Here he was not surprised to meet Stener just coming out, looking very pale and distraught.
True to the researchers' suspicions, many of these algal species seemed to wield a poison touch.
Within a week he memorized all the atomic numbers, masses and melting points.
Within a month, we'll have the whole west coast tied up in a nice ribbon.
In less than an hour Andy' s skate had turned to an icy yacht.
Within a week, Kristi and I were interviewed by local TV reporter Elisa Jaffe.
Within a week his condition deteriorated, his pain became unbearable and he relapsed into morphine consumption.
Not surprisingly, he was sent home two or three times before he finished third grade.
Turnout was expected to be low and most of the campaigning was on national, not European, issues.
Not surprisingly, these neurons respond to primitive rewards, such as food and water.
As might be expected, in the simple version of the dictator game most people take most or all of the money.
It would be odd if that pace were not to abate in the third quarter as the impulse from stockbuilding fades.
Unsurprisingly, this doesn't do much for your motivation; you end up feeling vaguely dissatisfied with what you've done.
Not surprisingly, the efforts of Tan and the volunteers helping him were met with resistance from the local officials who had approved those buildings.
It is no accident that by the time Delia Bacon entered the field, Shakespeare had become almost a god in the public imagination.
Barring any major setbacks, the news means Chrysler could be out of bankruptcy by month's end.
No! Next to papa and Ellen, I love you better than anybody living.
No. While occasional advocacy may get a touch heated, the *BSD flavors continue to work with one another.
No deal , in the sense of walkaway power , can also be used tactically at any stage of the proceedings .
Don't wear lip gloss because that tends to make the kiss too gooey.
do not wear tight-fitting crotch pocket pants, shorts are more to be loose, breathable, and cotton products is appropriate.
Do not wear conspicuous clothing and expensive jewelry and do not carry excessive amounts of cash.
Do not wear bright clothing or jewellery because sharks are attracted to colours and shiny objects.
Relationship between impure atrial fibrillation and impure atrial flutter and the enlargement of the left and right atriums
pure inactive commitments violate the commanding items. Pure and impure inactive commitments both violate the commanding regulations.
Impure is pure as an accomplice, and common crime are not as committed to competing forms of crime together, the few in the domestic system.
Impure omission of crime can also be posed as a way by the composition;
Proud to work for him, they bow to his whim, love serving him.
Without taking safety into consideration, it would be very challenging and pleasant to swim in the Xiangjiang River in Summer evenings.
Without some help from a leader brand that does something stupid, it's exceptionally difficult for a No. 2 brand to overtake a leader.
Unluckily many shops, bars, the great part of swimming pools are also closed, and the english movie theatre too.
Arguably, there is no such thing as wrong style, only a continuum between the good and the bad.
There was no obvious way of keeping the connection persistent within custom code.
No drug is without risk and all medicines have side effects, some of which can be fatal.
There is no shortcut to knowing the messaging products at a deep level and applying that skill to your specific environment.
There was no New World to populate, no redemption awaiting mankind on distant shores.
There was no danger of cross-pollination because the eggplant is a self-pollinated crop.
There is no ambiguity about how to arrange the language elements or how to interpret them.
huh, not bad for an old-timer. "old-timer" ? that's something you'll never be if you don't get back to the city.
Yeah , the television scene of Shenzhou VII spaceship impressed me a lot.
Yes, yes, I know how good a son you are, so now hasten away to see your father.
It's true that you can't get swine flu from eating cooked pork, and the disease is now passing from human to human.
Yes, antibiotic-resistant bacteria are a threat, as this week's news of an outbreak among premature infants in London reminds us.
I deserved a whipping, all right, but I was getting it at home, where it should have been administered.
Yes, but they have found a corpse; the general has been killed, and in all countries they call that a murder.
Yeah. But I still cannot remember his name. I've got a head like a sieve.
Sure, North Americans have momentarily thirsted for soccer, as when they imported Pele to play for the New York Cosmos.
What will still look great on the menu: Baked potato and porcini omelette; spiced mussel soup; pasta with duck ragu, braised chicken in vinegar sauce; fromage frais with gooseberries and elderflower.
A good action game, game mode similar to the Tomahawk, the hero armed with sharp sword, the skeleton soldiers blocking his way into Jifen.
In truth, there are some signs of renewed life: an operating trolley, a sports bar and grill; but these are mere gestures in the face of an urban desolation that largely obtains.
It is true leisure puzzle games, as long as the beads spit to the same color of Pearl, the three will be able to connect cancellation.
A pass good action game, fly in the ointment is that the Russian version of that recommendation.
Good hand skills of a motorcycle tour, games smooth and clear picture quality, simple operation, easy to use, highly recommended.
A good casual games, games smooth and clear picture quality, simple operation, easy to use, highly recommended.
A good casual puzzle games, a clear picture of the game smooth, easy, easy to use, highly recommended.
You're right, the Dynasty is untouchable as long as you're just a man; a scabby little assassin hired to kill overweight Senators.
Yes, the explanation for the explosion in food and oil prices — global demand exceeding the growth in global supplies — was apparent in the three or four years that preceded this crisis.
Yes, more reading, an increase of extra-curricular knowledge, allowing you to feel myself full of a force.
Yes, a 'water-proof' outer shell may be useful if you are sleeping in a dripping snow cave.
Good , he is industrious . You know everyone likes the one who works .
Jesus, please come back quickly and save the creation world from the barbaric cruel vicious mankind.
Yes, and included are the men who poured the concrete for the dam of a Pacific Gas &amp;Electric Company hydroplant which supplies the mill's power!
'Yes - something like that, ' murmured she. 'Your friends would scorn me. '
Right, and she was just a lazy little girl for slept about 18 hours a day.
Well, Homer gives us several names for them, but three stick out for me.
That's not bad. What about the price? Did she tell you how much her friend wants for the car?
Yes, but who'll tell him she's no good-who'll bell the cat? Some of us know he's got a bunch of fives .
Yes; but intricate characters are the most amusing. They have at least that advantage.
"Yeah, " someone else said, "but what does it have to do with art? " "Aha! " Langdon said.
Yes the better, my daughter and son-in-law is ready to buy, the city is hesitant to 281? who, or berthing good-neighborhood.
good success on the road, the face of setbacks, we should not evade and defeat him, the sun is more brilliant.
True, job interviews are rife with opportunities for you to embarrass yourself, but hiring managers are more forgiving than you might think.
Yes, it is true that fundamental economic conditions around the world do seem to be pretty healthy right now.
Admittedly, no validation rule currently enforces this "no space" rule, but you could easily add one to ensure compliance (see Resources).
It had been a frosty morning, to be sure, a sharp frost, which hardly one woman in a thousand could stand the test of.
Yes, you guessed it, a quiet nervous presentation that hardly anyone can hear and that impresses no-one.
For my part, you may go on bearing roses; you cannot do anything else. Let the hazel bush bear nuts, and the cows and sheep give milk; they have each their public.
Granted , loneness is hard and time flies like an arrow , in addition to the sear of gossips , no one is willing to age lonely .
Hey wonderful, let us know if you find that huge thermostat that turns the earth's climate up and down.
That's right, Sandra Bullock, the star of the movie, was parsing the tiniest details of her character's costume with the designer.
Amanda: Well, that's what you said last time, but I seem to recall you loved basking on the inflatable raft I packed.
Yes, unemployment was down from the horrifying 25% levels of the worst of the Depression, but it was still horrendous at more than 14%.
If it sounds like you need humility and patience to do permission marketing, you're right.
Yes, fish is fairly expensive when compared to other meats, but a healthier diet doesn't have to break the bank.
there are books on my shelves that aren't my friends, that I haven't finished or even started,but someday I will , I promise—my home library is a physical manifestation of ambivalence.
Yes, their valuations reached frothy levels, too, but at least there was a more solid business behind them.
Well; because of unbelief they were broken off, and thou standest by faith.
Yes, he was scrawny, but don't doubt that a little racial profiling, intentional or otherwise, contributed to his underrecruitment.
Surely he did terrible thing, but he has paid the price, and now he wants to make amends for what he has done.
He had some analytical genius, no doubt; but he was by no means such a phenomenon as Poe appeared to imagine.
True, she was not the pure and spotless maiden of his dreams, but it was precisely this that made her more pitiful and able to help him.
Yes, she did terrible things, but she has been punished, and now she is ready to make compensation.
Yes, she was submissive and sweet at the store, but most of these girls are the opposite, privately, of what they are in public.
Yes, she's undoubtedly gymnastic in the externals of music, but the intrinsic spirit of music is unguessed by her.
"Yes, she is, " she returned, cheerfully, a little suggestion of possible defect in herself awakening in her mind.
Yeah, they look interesting and some can really be used but others are a pain in the ass, literraly !
A: That's good. So I guess I'll have to make an appoint to see you.
It is true that our society is stratified, and very rigidly stratified, on what at first sight appear to BE hereditary lines.
Oh, right, yes, I could have stayed behind and watch Wolowitz try to hit on Penny in Russian, Arabic and Farsi.
Yes, we have a made-to-order service and it is part of our business but the ethos for us is to make a beautiful product and make it simple.
Yup, we did it on purpose. . . so that you can have the fun of figuring out what we were eating. . . that made us so giddy. . .
Yes, I live in a totalitarian country, but the people of this country have brought up me and bring me a peaceful life.
It is true that I am a Jew. But I am just a young scientist absorbed in my work.
Yes, I enjoyed the single malt they gave me, but I enjoyed the conversation much more.
Yes, and I shall speak of the present trouble as another instance of the wonder-working faithfulness and love of the LORD my God.
Yeah, I'm eating cream cheese out of a bowl - because I ran out of pretzels . You won't see that on the set of Desperate Housewifes.
True, Greece will be watched closely, but if compliance counted as federalism, then the IMF, which has overseen countless such programmes, would long ago have brought about world government.
True, the next person could wipe it down themselves, but it’s courteous to do it after your workout, even if you don’t leave any visible perspiration.
It is true, sir, and I beg his pardon, for he his always been very good to me, but I was mad.
That's right - run to your banks now and send them money if you want to survive this apocalypse in the making.
True, it is August, when plenty of Wall Street players skulk away from muggy Manhattan for their share of sun and sand in the Hamptons.
Crave sitting in a hot tub with gorgeous gals or guys all over you? Great!
Oh, um, it was nice. Took him to a romantic restraunt, ordered champagne, nice.
Well, that might be the case for you as an OO developer, but for the Enterprise the database is much more important.
Yes, it must have been, for they are excellent walking-boots - by no means worn out.
To be sure, there is good reason for a biographer to focus on the way his subject saw the world; we would miss much of Deng's story if we only listened to his critics.
Now, no doubt some of these advantages of print will recede over time.
Yes, to get away from the lab someone might sit there but it’s mostly empty.
True, he might in such a case rely on the kindness of Signor Torlonia.
thats right - thats the way to take it , " the cub announced airily , though he had already begun to glance anxiously at the door" .
Yes, it ends with an exclamation point and contrary to popular belief, using one exclamation point is plenty.
Well, it was a good long job, but I was getting towards the end of it when I heard pap's gun in the woods.
That's nice. How about this (points to a pant suit) Would this style look good on me?
He knew that there was a lot of money inside, but he did not understand why people kept going there to fiddle about with money.
Sure, your grandparents honeymooned there, but the majestic waterfalls straddling the U. S. -Canada border are worth a 21st-century trip.
In this sense, it is indeed a long-term and arduous work. The influence would last through the rest of her life.
It's good except for some spelling mistakes. What's more, the first paragraph has nothing to do with the article. It should be omitted.
True, he had been " jilted" -the word sounded awkward and unnatural on his father's tongue-but not by Su Wen-wan.
Well, the race to sew up the last couple roster spots for the Tourney of the Americas should provide for an interesting end to camp.
Do not slide down pipe, rotary hose, V-door ramp, or cables. Do not ride with the cat-line or air hoist.
Do not disturb do not disturb the friendship, just use a pair of eyes keep silent, I now think the world and there is nothing more exciting.
When he is not out hunting, Joey attends school and enjoys watching television with his pet bearded dragon lizard, Lily.
I will not beat you, not scold you, but torture you with all my love.
Does spanking involve child abuse, or is it an acceptable form of discipline in Canada?
it ' s no bother . i ' m ashamed . it ' s like a gypsy camp here
How can we get firsthand data, if we do not infiltrate the enemy?
I won’t go into why I started, but it didn’t seem like a problem, because I knew I could quit anytime I wanted.
We need good planning. The Noah's ark was built before the heavy rain came.
Sort of a small, Xiaoxiao Sasa, as if everything on the earth brilliant with their autumn harvest play music in general.
'No! ' cried the doctor, passionately. 'As He is good and merciful, she will live to bless us all, for years to come. '
Improbably, he survived, but he exhibited stark behavioral changes—becoming detached and irreverent, though never criminal.
Unlikely, because Charles Darwin was one of the more prominent figures to notice it.
"No, excellency, no," returned the steward, with a sort of nervous trembling, which Monte Cristo, a connoisseur in all emotions, rightly attributed to great disquietude.
They were neither large nor small, while their color was a nondescript brown; but in them smouldered a fire, or, rather, lurked an expression dual and strangely contradictory.
In a few moments he heard the cherries dropping smartly into the pail.
No book is worth anything which is not worth much; nor is it serviceable until it has been read and re-read, and loved and loved again.
Calls without a headset are constantly being put on hold or muted. Usually just before the call is dropped.
The advantages of travelling without luggage became apparent on the first day of the journey, during a four-hour layover in London.
No-impatience means we need to be down-to-earth, with our mind at peace. There is no need to be hasty.
Slightly press the flange of the square panel without a crater to obtain jointless effect.
and Mrs. Archer, who never travelled without a complete family pharmacy, was fortunately able to produce the required remedy.
Without mercy, Kratos placed the cage on the switch and pulled the lever, sending scorching flames through the soldiers body.
Don't take it offensively, but in pictures, you don't seem so. . . easygoing. you seem more. . . eh. . . how can i put this nicely?
No, Dale was the first step, an absolutely necessary step, to getting on with her life without Jonathan.
Countries as diverse as Bhutan and Brazil, Madagascar and Morocco, have feeding programs for vulnerable groups.
Bhutan"s national sport is archery, and competitions are held regularly in most villages.
Suffrage in Bhutan is unique in that each family-unit, rather than individual, has one vote.
Bhutan also aims to reduce the dependency of national park residents on national park resources, such as firewood, timber, roofing material and other forest products.
The Kingdom of Bhutan is the last remaining kingdom in Asia and is the only place in the world to measure Gross National Happiness.
Suitable job vacancy advertisements in the papers were few and the competition seemed to be quite keen .
Mr Whalen is not alone in wondering how the American economy will cope without a buoyant property market.
Not only Ray but the judge and even the prosecutor seemed amused by the defendant’s haplessness and stupidity.
Not only this but I also found that animal figures were way overused, especially the lion due to it's heraldic nature.
On top of that, some of these even justify their right to being shameless self-righteously and without any evidence of shame.
Not just that, I smell dirty socks. When was the last time you did laundry?
Composite ink is an ordinary ink and a mixture of UV inks, with UV inks as well as traditional innovativeink country'many.
"Not only your wife, but all sentient beings will benefit from the recitation of sutras, " answered the priest.
Not only are the summers becoming unbearable in many regions around the world - they're lasting longer and longer.
The physical characteristics have been improved resulting in minimal colour level and a virtually odourless vegetable oil.
Bad old habits lingered from the Soviet era (bullying, alcoholism) and bad new ones had been picked up (mutiny, corruption).
Instead of saving more, the US government is desperately trying to get the already over-leveraged US consumer to save less.
Not only loss of money and time, the most important is the company into disrepute.
Not only is the position of the earth changing but the earth itself is undergoing change.
Not only is Toyota’s brief reign as the world’s largest carmaker threatened but, more important, so too is its reputation for matchless quality and management.
Not only union leaders but government officials talked solemnly of "automation" as a major cause of unemployment.
Not only the gold domestic player so, the old fogy attempts the branch also in a counter - attack, because Press special returns to base becomes fast indecisive.
Not only is it easier for institutions to eject a dud chief executive.
And not by his coming only, but by the consolation wherewith he was comforted in you, when he told us your earnest desire, your mourning, your fervent mind toward me; so that I rejoiced the more.
Not only has given dual attention to the emaciated look artistic and visual rich.
It's wholesome, it's yummy, and I get to use up more of my pulp, so it's environmentally friendly!
But God, who comforts the downcast, comforted us by the coming of Titus and not only by his coming but alsoby the comfort you had given him.
With all of the power and speed of its predecessor, this machine also has incredible firepower!
Not only do teachers praise her, girls admire her, but boys love her as well.
Confusion over the true volume of China's grain output comes as the country struggles with an increasingly thirsty countryside.
Not only did not see you must pick up people, even to a sick old lady has no sympathy, no class love heart with others.
She failed to see previous share price crashes and was famous for her upwards forecasts.
Not only the Chinese zodiac cultural traditions, and "dragon" looking at is the great and can spitting fire the crawling monster mysterious.
Instead of opening up the Fed's secretive activities to public inspection, the Watt amendment cloaks it in further secrecy.
Not only was it numbered 42-44 (which sounds like an awful lot of death in Cantonese), it was also on the site of a landslide.
The warmth of "qi governs warming" can not only warm the viscera and bowels, but also the material source of "qi transformation" .
Breastfeeding is not only encouraged by attachment parenting gurus, but by most of the medical community as well.
Still, as you noticed, there are many different paragraph and line arrangement: the visual space of the "prose" is plural.
And not only so, but we glory in tribulations also: knowing that tribulation worketh patience;
And not only so, but we also joy in God through our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom we have now received the atonement.
More then that, in Hebraic culture, each alphabet carries a meaning and we shall see now the psalmist expresses his love for the Word of God through the meaning of each Hebrew alphabet.
The volunteers did everything from sweeping the streets, to removing graffiti, and repainting the lampposts and public facilities.
Not only is the word "sassy " loathsome , but sharing lip gloss is not a good idea as it spreads germs .
No; but strongly recommends M. de Villefort, and begs me to present him to your majesty .
It's not only the name of our company that will change. . . I expect that after this acquisition, there'll be a ton of things up in the air.
No, and yet we do not refuse the question regarding whether or not they are formed in order to create curiosity.
No, but there's some compelling evidence that there could be a relationship between the two.
After several brutal murders near his workplace, and being followed on occasion, he finally decided to leave the country.
Not only look better, and that it is important that the pads higher accuracy and results in increased solder joint reliability.
But to look away, you have to really look away, meaning you have to divert enough of your attention to something else while you’re looking away.
Combine that with swimming prowess and the ability to outrun a man, and I, for one, welcome our new Nile monitor overlords.
Not only are many sites plagued by "trolls" and "flame wars" between rivals but anonymity can be abused to bully others and be unpleasant.
Indifference, therefore, was the sentiment which I now needed to feign, not only in her presence but in the eyes of others.
The utility model has the characteristics of a low cost, a light weight, is not easy to crush in mailing, and can be used once.
And beside all this, between us and you there is a great gulf fixed: so that they which would pass from hence to you cannot; neither can they pass to us, that would come from thence.
Instead of worrying about his own self-preservation, he worries about hers. That's being in love.
Not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment.
Study on Nature of Claim Right of Damage Compensation for Wrongful Birth and the Scope of Compensation
On the Concurrence Concerning the Right of Claim of Restitution of Unjust Enrichment and Other Rights of Claim
Bad drilling lets natural gas seep up to drinking water aquifers and wells, causing some taps to literally burn .
As both Earth and Mars orbit the Sun, the apparent angular size of Mars changes as viewed from the Earth.
Improper extrusion, damaged skin on the face of the traces left by the relative interference than the redness of acne you longer!
No. When you get your sticker, you must attach it to the front windscreen of your car.
'No. When you've finished with me, I'll go to a sewage plant. Then they'll pump me into the river and I'll be back in the sea again. '
No, definitely not, or book seven would be around the weight of a baby hippopotamus.
No, of course not. I just don't want you to have to rack your brain to think of the perfect gift, that's all.
A perverse incentive is an incentive that has an unintended and undesirable effect which is opposite to the initial interests.
Improper use will cause the system to launch the program Nag Nag 9. 5.
Secretary of Defense Melvin R. Laird, the great survivor, had indicated his desire to leave well before the 1972 election.
A tumbler will never fall, because of which, it will always stand still.
Once the tumbler has broken, do not push any further and proceed to the next one , and so on.
Less than 100 mini liters milliliters is all the milk needed for laboratory tests for bacteria, virus viral diseases and other threats.
Less than 10% of the motorcycle riders involved in these accidents had insurance of any kind to provide medical care or replace property.
That theory seems to prove true since less than 10% of the respondents thought social networking should be banned from the workplace.
Within 10 minutes I was off, sticking to the 25mph limit for helmetless scooterists, waving gaily at the locals and quickly losing count of the churches.
In 15 minutes, they identified Juma'a, but they were not strong enough to transport his body home in a cheap wooden coffin.
Less than 15 years ago, the hated Catholic James II was forced into exile in the Glorious Revolution and a Protestant monarchy restored.
To 1 month-long cowpea, does not want to tell everybody in here, the cowpea was allowed to harvest like this in 3 weeks.
With scan times of less than a second, the system is fast enough to be used on a production line.
In his late teens, he chained himself to the South African embassy in Canberra to protest apartheid.
Less than 24 hours ago, Phil Dowd blew his whistle to end one of the most remarkable football matches ever played, ever.
Within two months, I was making so much money so fast PayPal shut down my account under suspicions of fraudulent activity.
Within 30 minutes, the great forests that covered North America were ablaze and half the planet was shaking like a jelly.
Within four months, the police chiefs made her an honorary member of their tribe and bestowed an Arabic name on her meaning "wise woman" .
Within six months I learnt French, German and Armenian; before the school year ended I was fluent in all the Scandinavian languages as well.
Within seven years, appalled by the invasion of Czechoslovakia, she had left again.
Half a minute had not elapsed when he was resting on his knees on the wall.
Less than half a century later Johannes Vermeer, a Delft artist, began painting scenes of the Dutch world Hudson left behind.
Less than half a year later we packed all our things onto a wagon and left our farm.
Victory was not cemented until late in the third match, when Watson was in Nonfiction.
In a very few minutes all the huntsman stood before the cave, and the handsomest of them was the king of the country.
Heat dissolved the candle into a pool of wax in a few minutes .
Within just a few months he was out climbing once again, wearing a pair of temporary legs made of plaster that could, he was warned, easily fracture.
Within seconds it was obvious the news was unwelcome; within days she was made redundant.
After just a couple of years, Tchaikovsky wrote his first big hit, Romeo and Juliet, based on the play by Shakespeare.
Within 2 minutes, the flames had spread across the single bed he was lying on and were consuming his cotton sweatshirt and trousers.
Do not have pretty good rank to two months, bring about aftereffect inadequacy very easily.
President Obama, in office less than two months, warns the economy's downward slide cannot be corrected quickly.
Within two years he sold the idea of wedding Indianapolis and Marion County into an omnibus governmental unit.
within two years she had won the BRIT Awards' Critics' Choice prize and been tipped by the BBC as the "Sound of 2008" .
Only after two years I got a temporary visa to enter the U. S. A. Every Argentinian was suspicious then.
Less than two years later, another event proved that autonomous vehicles could drive safely in urban settings.
Less than two years later, the company ran out of space and expanded the plant by another 10, 000 square meters.
You said that you loved Minmei less than two days ago, and now you are telling me that you love Lisa.
A partial moratorium on Israeli settlement building is due to expire in under two weeks.
A little less than two weeks ago, we declared a famine in two regions in Somalia.
The tragedy came less than six months after an earlier quake hit Christchurch, causing heavy damage, but amazingly killing no one.
Less than six months ago, Merrill Lynch's head of research complained that Wall Street analysis was being "Napsterised" , or pirated.
No, no interesting exhibits so far, and I'm not sure if the defendant will take the stand.
If not visiting the Bay of Naples, one has no qualification to talk about love, life and even death.
Less than a decade later, many of these jobs had disappeared and there was stiff competition for those that remained.
e. g. In less than 10 years, it develops from a seed into a full-grown tree.
Less than 10 years ago, a generation of children was born to subsistence farmers in Liberia, a country torn by civil war and conflict.
Fewer than four in ten say they have experienced derogatory remarks or behaviour because of their gender.
Less than four years later, as I wrote these words, the prospects of Chiang had undergone a cataclysmic change.
Less than forty years later, many hand-held calculators had comparable computing power for a few dollars.
Liu would not withdraw unless the pain was intolerable and there was no other way out.
Seven, less than the Internet cafe, not the video halls, dance halls and recreational activities.
Within five minutes, he was dressed and downstairs feeling sore and drowsy .
Within five minutes we are settled on the beach with mint, melon, sesame and seaweed shakes and know that we are not leaving this spot till sunset.
It was the latter part of the decade, and Mr. Zhang was sitting outside the Beijing Railway Station, his possessions in a single canvas bag.
Less than five years later, Khan's sideline has turned into more than just his profession.
Less than half of a random sample (N = 211) of high school health teachers formally teach about homosexuality.
After less than a minute, all the nodes in the treeview should be green, thus indicating that the tests have been executed and passed.
In less than a stellar cycle, Megatron has turned our home world into a darkened, silent husk.
In less than an hour's time, the typhoon laid waste a number of towns and villages along the coast.
Within an hour, we rumbled through the narrow cobblestone pathways of the Old City in an embassy armored car.
It had not been a week before having breakfast became an honorable, but daunting task.
Less than a week ago, I was forced to evacuate Kheiry due to a suspected (and now confirmed) case of pulmonary and cerebral edema.
Less than a week later, the Japanese leader surrender, marking the end of World War II.
Within a week they were tearing off each other’s polyfibres at Arlen’s Adult Motel near the George Washington Bridge.
In less than a month, Morey found a way to get the temperature and lighting of his single-family home in Houston on Twitter.
In less than a month, this gathering in New York has grown into a worldwide movement that has captured the public imagination and vision.
In less than a month, little Cosette, in that Thebaid of the Rue de Babylone, was not only one of the prettiest, but one of the "best dressed" women in Paris, which means a great deal more.
Less than a month before, a similar group had brazenly attacked a bus carrying the Sri Lankan national cricket team in Lahore.
Within one hour, he and the judge became friends and forgot the difference between them, a human and a ghost.
A quarter of an hour had not elapsed when this is what was taking place at twenty different spots in Paris at once.
In less than a year he was the best player on an all-star team. . . playing with kids four and five years older than he was.
Less than a year old, I played a small the story of a crow, and so it goes for her analysis of a small crow of filial piety.
Less than a year ago, Russian and Gulf billionaires were paying the full asking price for their new superyachts and the fittings.
Less than a year ago it was granted approval by government regulators to open a wholly foreign-owned general insurance branch in Beijing.
Less than a year ago India's property market was smouldering with excitement fuelled by unprecedented economic growth.
South Sudan has invaded parts of the north less than a year after its secession
Within a year, poor sales forced him to close the store, and bad business deals with the shady Baath Brothers left him destitute.
Within a year he had hired Alvah C. Roebuck as a watch repairman and moved his business to Chicago.
Within a year, he was caught for mischief and fighting outside a bar and a two-year detention in the boy's home followed.
Within a year, I took over the editorship, and I secured the promotional music drip.
In less than a day, suspected bomber Timothy McVeigh is taken into custody.
A little under an hour later another suicide bomber blew himself up in central Baghdad, killing at least four and wounding 10 others.
Within a week , I found myself on board of an aeroplane .
Within a week Darwin was addicted to the subject and was ready to go off geologizing on his own.
IN LESS than a week the legendary "Harlem Clubhouse" has suffered two mortal blows.
In less than a week, she discovered that the company had paid bribes to win contracts.
Within a week, by pure coincidence (or was it? ), three people mentioned to me that they knew Fred.
The quirky clip has racked up more than two million YouTube hits in less than a week.
EXAMPLE: It only took a week for the wonderful new movie to become a hot topic and then everyone wanted to see it.
To leave the farm on a week-day was not in her power; Sunday was the only possible opportunity.
Perhaps, by holding out on cuts until the last minute, Latin American countries will get more concessions from rich countries.
Unscrupulous shop owners trying to sell food that is past its best could be undone by a new design of packaging.
Unethical? Yes. Illegal? Probably not. An eBay bid is a binding contract. An email is not.
Road to no where the owl in a dark corner in cases of doubt, some gruesome sounds.
Helping or receiving help from another candidate, contacting, communicating, talking to any other candidates are prohibited.
Law firms are not allowed to practice legal chicanery or to solicit business in other inappropriate ways.
I really have been shocked by his wisdom and encouraged by his insistence.
I'd say King Abdullah is the most popular leader in the Arab world today, a singularly extraordinary statement given the nature of the Saudi system.
Admittedly, a decent chunk of the price discrepancy between non-designer and designer items has everything to do with the fancy labels.
I have to admit that I sometimes really like that sore feeling in my legs after a tough workout or race.
I have to admit, I am guilty of the same as I promote products through affiliate links and advertisements.
Had to be transmitted is based on benevolence and appreciate others, Swords to friend, co-heaven and earth in the stretch.
How naive do you have to be to enter into a handshake agreement with a conglomerate, then hand over your invention for them to dissect?
It's such a bore to have to write this out all over again.
Having to send your wife out and feel like a parasite surely would put up the rate of depression, but overall is it unique to men?
I'd say it's a lot nicer to eat a bit of grilled pork than take Viagra.
I have to say that I cannot see the real Confucius in much of what Yu Dan writes.
To say that the depression, the most mainland star has no longer let "idol" this word is bright, shining.
Have to say, Nintendo does not support mandatory use of flash memory built-in hard drive is not to force approach.
This admittedly pretty series of waterfalls in a lush forest has been transformed into a death march for millions of visitors.
I must say I feel sad not to have such a women's health Spa like this in Europe.
We must say, it was not easy to pick the winner, but in the end, nothing beats a slab of meat.
Gotta say, on my current list of things to do, running a marathon ain't anywhere near the top.
Having said that, before the game maybe we would have taken a point because Porto are a good side with really dangerous attacking players.
I must say that it was an incredible show from the beginning to the end.
It was a reminder that, at the end of the day, it's still a large cog in a giant propaganda machine.
We can all agree that sequels like To Kill a Bluebird or Catch-23 are better left unwritten.
Some memory has to be used to keep track of all those reverse mappings.
So found a lovely little place 1 block down on 8th and 33rd street.
Do not participate in any litigation or non-litigation matters of a third party who has a conflict of interest with Party A.
We will do nothing to bring disrepute to NAAA or the auto auction business.
No unauthorized modifications will be made to any scaffold. Only approved scaffold builders are permitted to modify a scaffold.
Unknown What combat let trenchant Colombian abjection Thus, prefer translation trash food allay hunger unwilling extend begging hand.
No does not respect, speak insolently , satire, etc for KG10 management team member.
No does not respect, speak insolently , satire, etc for High School Musical Chinese forum's management.
Shall publish spread feudal superstition, obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terrorism and abetting a crime;
No excessive lightening, darkening or blurring of the image. thus misleading the viewer by disguising certain elements of an image.
And life imprisonment without parole is also inconsistent with the idea that "man could be corrected. "
Leave all papers on your desk to be collected by the invigilator after you leave the room. This includes the question paper and any rough notes or drafts.
Do not immerse auto inflator in water or other liquids for working to avoid wetting auto inflator.
A judge is not allowed to provide advice or Judicial suggestion on pending cases to the parties, attorney and defendants.
Do not lean against or sit on the balcony railing. Children must be supervised at all times!
A judge should not use the prestige and influence of a judge to seek personal interests for himself, his relatives or other people.
Shall not use or tamper with well-known leaders as a commercial advertising terms.
They shall not use their powers to accept bribes or other illegal incomes, or misappropriate the property of the JV Company.
Do not kink leads. Kinking leads may cause additional stress on the leads, possibly resulting in lead fracture.
Sets of valves , inserts and bear boots should not be got disordered, they should be singly placed and have identifying marks.
No one may sign and issue bills of exchange without consideration to defraud fund from a bank or other parties to the bills.
No one shall be arbitrarily or unlawfully forced to remain within a certain territory, area or region.
Any public demonstrations on a large scale without the permission of the city authorities is antisocial.
It is prohibited to purchase, consign, pawn and auction the goods beyond the sanctioned scope by the State and the Municipality;
Not buy his brother wives for room. Discontinue and adultery. If there are who knowingly passed. Die under million dollars.
The prompts that are used by the Unified Messaging server to help callers move through the menus should not be replaced or changed.
No vehicles loaded with inflammable, explosive, poisonous, harmful or other dangerous cargo or other contraband goods shall be parked.
No one may requisition any land owned collectively with violation of the statutory power limit and procedures.
may not violate or encourage others to violate any applicable law, statute, ordinance or regulation.
Direct Seller Certificate and Certificate of Direct Selling Trainer cannot be forged, altered, rented, transferred or sold out.
Joint ventures shall not pay foreign currency or foreign exchange certificate to the aforesaid establishments.
It is precluded from denying to a holder in due course the existence of the payee and his then capacity to indorse .
Mustn't take dangerous things to workplace or take out company property without permission.
Not to bring small animals and other prejudice to public health, order and easy to damage the aircraft, items that pollute the environment.
No repairs are to be made to critical or stress areas of housings, especially mounting ears or bearing areas.
Must not require royalty payments or any other fee for redistribution or modification.
DO NOT use or distribute Olympic merchandise or tickets as business giveaways or competition prizes.
It cannot fire women or unilaterally annul their labor contracts on the pretext of marriage, pregnancy, maternity leave or baby nursing.
Shall not use exaggerating, inaccurate , fraudulent or any other unlawful methods to sell products.
A criminal suspect shall not be detained under the disguise of successive summons or forced appearance.
Nothing in this Deed is to be interpreted against a party solely on the ground that the party put forward this Deed or any part of it.
There is no excuse for concealment, falsely report, drag, ready to accept the safety leadership instruction.
Does not use or permit the use of a certification document or any part thereof in a misleading manner.
His wife asks ambulance again. the same health care workers come to their home again, the husband is carried up a stretcher.
shall not be reduced or modified by any act or omission of the Company or any Non-Defaulting Funding Shareholder pursuant to this Clause 5.
There is not an appeals process for exemption of property tax due to a disability or poverty.
"Substandard goods" are not allowed to be used to manufacture or assemble market-oriented products.
Never hit the parts with a hammer or remove bearing surfaces using tools such as a screwdriver, chisel, etc.
"shall not have cracks, holes and other casting defects" hidden dangers exist in larger, easy to put the seller in a passive position.
The products shall not be transported together with hazardous, harmful, corrosive, smelly or volatile cargo.
The products shall not be stored together with hazardous, harmful, corrosive, smelly or volatile goods.
Not to keep or store or use or permit or suffer to be kept or stored any arms, ammunitions, gun powder, saltpetre, kerosene or other explosive substance or hazardous goods in the said premises.
It is not allowed to lay in anchor or drag anchor within the sea- bottom cable protection zones.
they shall not practice fraud in scientific and technological activities or participate in or support superstition.
Valves not forming part of a piping system shall not be permitted in watertight subdivision bulkheads.
It is prohibited to purchase the second-hand goods along the railway, near the airport, seaport, military zone and smelting areas.
It is not allowed to discard or let drop solid waste on the road during its transportation.
No fixing or attachment is to be made to the floor, column, wall or any other part of the building structure of the Exhibition Hall.
The exhibitor will be disqualified if exhibiting any product out of exhibition scope.
Do not strike punch in such a manner as to exert force straight down onto the bearing inner ring.
It is not allowed to grow plants that would endanger the safety of power facilities.
Any forwarding or distribution or reproduction of this Application Form or the Prospectus in whole or in part is unauthorised.
He never offends anyone; always use the most tactful words to refuse people so that people do not feel embarrassed.
Oh, yes it is. My hairdresser left the perm solution in too long and my hair is really frizzy and damaged.
Don't wait moxa benefit prologues, she visited an eye side of door a path afresh.
Before Obi -Wan could think of a polite way to interrupt them, Luke and Leia cried out in unison.
Study and Test on Application of Non - equilateral Angle Steel for Transmission Towers
Petals unequal, posterior ones straight and small, anterior one extended into a lip, with a short spur at base.
He shook the paws of both of them warmly, never waiting for an introduction to the Mole. 'How KIND of you! '
The correct processing of narrow groove which is not equidistant always has a difficult problem.
No sooner is the door shut than there all over each other, ripping at clothes, pawing at flesh, mouths locked together.
For the varied deep screw is widely used for the plastic extruder at the present time, but its machining precision is high.
Before the waiter brought the sherry the rocket that announced the fiesta went up in the square.
All Admissible Linear Estimators of Regression Coefficient in a Linear Model with Respect to an Inequality Constraint
and before they recovered, not only the squire and I, but Hunter and Joyce from the block house, had time to fire.
They talk a good range of small water droplets are on the sun-baked into a the water vapor, embarked on a summer's journey to heaven.
The soldier stopped her before she could open the door to the chapel, and Henry did not pay any attention to her screams and cries.
Before I had even put my hat on she had hailed a cab. I heard her give the Boulevard de Clichy for an address.
Don't wait whistling say what, he bends the head, the very hot lips contained whistling because of move but shiver of lips.
"No! " replied the 3rd wife. "Life is so good over here! I'm going to remarry when you die! "
No, Timothy, not when we have a woman who according to Rudd, is one of the shrewdest legal and political minds of our time.
It is unusual for lesions to form on the face, but they may appear on the cheeks or at the hairline.
When an indefinite pronoun is the subject, it always takes a singular verb.
The indefinite article a belongs to a class of words called determiners. They signal that a noun is coming.
The indefinite integral concept is raises for the solution derivation and the differential inverse operation.
Random checks of store level as to control losses, spoilage, damage and obsolescence. Carries out monthly stock take of store items.
Tramp rates fluctuate with. . . . . . of supply and demand.
Occasional Ferrari test driver Marc Gene says his countryman Alonso, 27, would be welcomed by the Maranello based team.
Representatives to international organizations based in New York and Geneva meet periodically in an informal manner.
As the most common and important limit type in the mathematics, the infinitive limit has various and changeable solutions in the exercise.
Infinitive form can take object or adverbial infinitive phrase, there is no person and number of changes, but sometimes tense and voice changes.
"Direction of load indeterminate" represents variable external loads, shock loads, vibrations and unbalance loads in high-speed machines.
Some may say that the effect of the finished product to the audience the best way is to simply print it out.
Be conise, don't ramble and make clear the reason you are contacting the recipient.
Without loving another, without knowing what it means to be completely in communion with one another, you cannot be in communion with truth.
Don't know from what when begin non-mainstream a word slowly into our life, know nothing about it, beginning to me more dominant curiosity.
You do not know how dearly loving it'll not men, not to continue to pay your gentleness and love.
You do not know how to affection of a woman was not to give up, but you do not have to continue to pay the tenderness and love.
Do not know the rules, know what to do, that do not understand the normative culture is not a thing.
If you don't know, ask. I'll tell you. Then you'll have the right information instead of a misguided assumption.
Unsophisticated Indians would barter bales of furs for a handful of trinkets .
Don't understand how to express gentle and soft of us , all think to die for love is just ancient hearsay.
If you pretend to know what you don't know, you'll only make a fool of yourself.
pretend to understand type new to a unit, obviously do not know what, but also desperately pretended to know everything looks like.
Ice Structuring Proteins(ISP)are the new-style antifreeze which modify morphology and inhibited the recrystallization of the ice.
The real estate market suffers a sharp downturn, and Huff &amp; Puff is unable to pay one of its largest suppliers, Big Bad Wolf Supplies.
The Application of the Fixed-point Theory in Jacketed Solution of Singularly Perturbed Nonlinear Problem
Immovable joints are formed by the fusion of bones. This fusion makes the joint stronger.
Below the expression that maintain one's composure, concealing the mind that the bottom of the heart hops most ardently .
Real shuffle method to do a stitch, I also will not lower them back in, say, in fact there are key to see your cards, you do?
Acinetobacter thrives in warm, humid climates, like Honduras, as well as in parts of Iraq, and is normally found in soil.
People who don't read poetry think it is only about lofty subjects. In writing about these topics, they are trying to achieve depth.
Duanwan not rest on the table facing the bowl meal to eat is not only indecent, and oppression stomach and digestive effects.
IN A new blow to an increasingly isolated White House, Karl Rove has announced his retirement.
Spurred by the cascade of new evidence for the brain's plasticity, Western neuroscientists have taken a keen interest.
The continuously-woven 73-minute piece is sequenced into seven discrete segments, perfect for yoga, contemplation and bodywork.
The changing magnetic field would force the electrons to oscillate, too, but would not allow them to radiate heat.
Shifting ice exposes new crevasses with little warning, making the Khumbu Icefall the most dangerous section of a southern Everest ascent.
Around and around, until I realized that the pursuit of the sense of belonging was what was making me feel lonely and insecure.
the ever-disapproving gay brother Tom; and the untouchable and always overshadowing gold-standard star Fargo Phillips.
Extensive or progressive flooding, or serious structural damage, may make such an operation hazardous.
Replaying events from different perspectives give the viewer time to digest the intricacy of the situations while enjoying the flash, colourful cinematography.
Continuous complains and questions will deplete your energy. Being calm and patient will make everything easy.
Constant worrying causes cortisol and epinephrine levels to rise - and these stress hormones can weaken the body's overall immunity.
The prayer wheels turned incessantly, and the sound of coins falling into the money boxes was sweet as music to our ears.
Endlessly tweaking your squad and scouting out players until the wee hours becomes a worryingly regular occurence.
Continuous feedback and improvement: At the end of an iteration of work, we always look back at how we did and figure out what we can do differently next time to improve.
The company Continuously develops sophisticated machines and has won the domestic market, created a good sales performance abroad.
Sweating, jet-lagged and still whimpering, he pulled up the leg of his jeans to take a look at his injury.
The constant impulse discharge will replicate the tool shape of the tool electrode on the workpiece and carry out the shaped machining.
Constant learning supplies us with inexhaustible fuel for driving us to sharpen our power of reasoning, analysis, and judgment.
Follow-through on rearmament, nuclear and otherwise, would work against Russia's economic and strategic interests.
Keep pulling me back to that chilling windy day, whenever had my taste of midnight poison.
Continuous innovation, a critical of e-business strategy, is at the mercy of an organization's communication stricture.
Keep makeup looking fresh all day by doing regular touch ups. Don't let your makeup fade or crease . Smile! ! !
Fun of conquer Tramp over hill and dale continuously, as you know, the higher you reach, the nicer sight you get.
Constant Evaluations and Ratings The progress of a flying cadet or a medical student is measured by hundreds of tests.
Constantly research, develop and maintain the hotel culinary concepts and standards for food preparation and presentation.
Keep investigating and examining what is presented as truth in the light of your sense of connection with your creator.
Continuous development and the system of environment influence evaluation engineer qualification test have higher demand for this course.
Without severing evil passions One attains Nirvana; Leave them as they are; Just as you are, You will be born in the Pure Land.
It has been very hard to keep up with what is new, what is not new and what is just plain bootleg.
Continue to renew yourself and remember that life has a way of constantly testing your ability and courage to deal with it.
Continuous improvement shows that success is not incompatible with the trigger, if you take the trouble to change your habits.
Tell myself , concept or behavior needing to be able to accommodate others's diversity unceasingly.
Keeping up to date on these big changes will do nothing but help you out in your career.
Update register information continually, tally with the request of "timely, exhaustive and veracious" .
Keep releasing the pressure slowly until you can no longer hear the sounds in the stethoscope.
To continuously strengthen unity and cooperation with African countries is the unswerving policy of the Chinese government.
What of the ever deepening financial crisis as a rationale for expansionary global macroeconomic policy?
We should continue to emancipate our minds, seek truth from facts, keep pace with the times and make innovations in a pioneering spirit.
Consider constantly, that all rules brought here are the product of only one single mind, which had no assistant or collaborator.
Continuously peep Shao Xun, if last night he again brave some, that not . . . . . . alas!
That ever-expanding content is the crux of the social studies teacher's dilemma: How to cover every topic with limited class time?
Cities are spreading like a cancer on the planet's body. Zoom in and you can see good cells and bad cells at war for control.
Continuously hone your skills that are transferable to other positions, corporations, and even career fields.
Rising government spending is not the only manifestation of growing state power. The spread of regulation is another.
Clashes ensued between the advancing Muslim crowd and the much smaller group of Christians trying to push them back.
Constant change, innovation in the tripod or the pursuit of the cause of the beautiful, but always the same!
Rising interest rates are also acting as a headwind by making it more expensive to refinance an existing mortgage or get a new loan.
Increasing fatness is the result of a normal response, by normal people, to an abnormal situation.
The rising price seems to be fuelling the gold mania in what is, for now, a self-sustaining cycle.
The rising costs of fuel and the drive for reliability at low costs has the sensors and electronics market anticipating the capabilities of these next generation SiC electronics and sensors.
Continue to deepen reform of the cadre and personnel system and focus on training high-caliber cadres and personnel.
Continue to deepen reform of the cadre and personnel system and focus on training high-caliber cadres and personnel.
Cooperation with neighbouring countries on energy, raw materials and mineral resources should be continuously deepened.
The escalating price war in real estate is equivalent to an epidemic one does't envisage.
Speculation is growing that the firm will have to sacrifice one of its top men if it wants to stop the bombardment.
continual practice of exploration and innovation in the design of the three experience inevitably impetuous today, it is worth our study.
continuously refined goals to achieve a sense of accomplishment by the incentive to achieve the overall goal is inevitable.
Continue to broaden the educational channels, set training, technical secondary school, the Liaison Office for University one.
Expanding airborne internet access means that workers can be tapped even on traditionally tranquil flights.
Constant references to the staff as "family" only accentuate the feeling of desertion and deception.
Successive improvement of product specifications and levels guarantee the stability of our products.
To Enhance the Enterprise Innovation Ability Incessantly to Realize the Leaping Development of the Company Diligently
Continuously improve food quality, and improve the appearance of meals to vocational skills and inspire interest and train workers skills.
Constant challenge is to constantly improve the support I have at the university four years inexhaustible motive force for progress.
We constantly introduce novel fluorescent and luminescent probes for detecting various enzymes, in particular, hydrolytic and redox enzymes;
It has been a critical task for banking industry to continuously improve its corporate governance to meet the request of market development.
Keep asking the question even after you get your first answer-you can use the information to create a workable solution.
The worsening trade situation has led to a spate of factory closings and layoffs in China.
Mr Miliband began giving us a sense of the kind of man he is, repeatedly telling the hall "I get it" .
"Repeated consumption of these types of foods also can provide excess calories, " he said.
The footage of oil that continues to gush into the Gulf of Mexico is a stark reminder that the United States' reliance on liquid fuel has consequences.
The ball constantly rotates in a seemingly impossible dance and its kinetic motion is pure entertainment.
Keep learning. Learn more about the computer, crafts, gardening, whatever. Never let the brain idle. And idle brain is the devil's workshop.
Keep learning new knowledge (e. g. , etiquette, computers, languages, etc. ), adapt to the company's future development needs.
The presents of an increasing number of Chinese people in Namibia has more than just somewhat unsettled the locals.
Repeated calls for the Punjab governor to be killed were made from mosque pulpits across Pakistan, yet such hate speech goes unpunished.
An increasing number of students suffer from this mysterious affliction, which is marked by a sudden, unexpected drop in enthusiasm and academic performance in a once promising student.
Research continues to demonstrate that an interactive toy that involves a parent and a very young child is extremely beneficial all around.
There are constant deadlines, apprehension about evaluation comes with the territory, and and projects are constantly being foist upon students that compete for their time.
The spike in complaints is partly the result of a new law that requires Japanese companies to report serious product-related accidents.
Growing economic self-confidence - even complacency - is breeding a more piecemeal approach, less reliant on foreign expertise and capital.
Increasing global demand for energy is creating a sense of urgency for the United States to produce domestically generated renewable energy.
This growing poverty constitutes a permanent menace to peace. And not only to peace， but also to democratic institutions and personal liberty.
Increasing productivity means you need fewer farmers, which steadily drives the least efficient off the land.
Spiralling food costs and the diving value of the Somali shilling have made things worse.
Rising confidence is a good omen, since it can turn into a self-fulfilling prophecy by encouraging people to go out and spend money.
Increased participation and activism in turn have piled up pressure on government agencies and officials to clean up their act.
Accumulating evidence suggests that smoking may increase risk of aggressive prostate cancer and prostate cancer mortality.
Increasing demands for water, in particular to irrigate the rice crop, have led to greater dependence on tube wells.
The rising population and frenzied pace of development have put stress on this fragile island.
Ever-increasing new energies are flowing into these grids and shaking the very foundations of the dark's long hold on you.
The increasingly early onset of puberty will inevitably bring earlier pregnancies, says Tam Fry, of Britain's Child Growth Foundation.
Continue to do this frequently, and through frequent occupancy of your mind, you will experience the joy of the answered prayer.
Replay the whole scene over and over until you can imagine it from beginning to end in under 2 seconds, ideally in under 1 second.
This optimization process would be repeated until a set of parameters optimized for optimum design of a thin-walled structure was obtained.
Constantly prepared to implement preventive and corrective actions in program development, regarding personnel, equipment, materials, etc.
keep complete and continuous self-improvement, to provide users with the most satisfactory products and Service is our goal.
The weakening economy is a blow to Republican presidential nominee Sen. John McCain as well as Republican congressional candidates.
An altered index cannot be compressed until the index is reorganized or rebuilt.
'Not only, ' said Birkin. 'Ninety-nine men out of a hundred don't want my hat. '
No; it was not her hair: it was a black stream of something oozing from her basket, mid it glistened like a slimy snake in the cold still rays of the moon.
Ridge Position Influence of The Axisymmetry Ridge Waveguides on The Cutoff Wavelength of The Dominant Mode
Asymmetric algorithms are usually used to encrypt small amounts of data such as the encryption of a symmetric key and IV .
Asymmetric autocatalysis occurs when a chiral product operates as an asymmetric catalyst for its own production.
Not True! Except for towels, underwear and socks, washing in cold water works well.
People will not look forward to posterity, who never look backward to their ancestors.
And the fiscal consequences of ageing cannot be sustained without reforming labour markets and pension systems.
They do. They are sentimentally attached to life; they are full of hope and desire.
On the do not use up the ink (gold, silver or gold and silver powder) should be sealed, and to ensure its stability.
Nuh uh! I remember her clearly, she was blonde and pretty, just like my Mommy.
"No; frown, " he said. "Frown as you did before. " Carrie looked at him in astonishment.
No, said one defendant after the other, that is not the way it was.
No, ladies and gentlemen of the Middle East, it is what he says and what you do and what we do.
Later, law enforcement vehicles crowded in front of agency offices as agents waited to unload their quarry.
A minute later, they were being prodded into a truck like animals to be taken to a detention camp.
Not much, inside the apartment then the algidity is nigh. Also starts preoccupying algidity while the breath of He Chen is vomiting Na.
After a while, moon raises up from east hill and roam between constellations.
Not much, a team of brigadeses bald headed man again from fly Ma Zhen to set out, Scarpe UGG, toward nailing Luo's lumber but going.
and he soon afterwards said aloud, "Mrs. Bennet, have you no more lanes hereabouts in which Lizzy may lose her way again today? "
Leaves undeveloped, scale-like, to 1. 5 mm, base united into a sheath, margin membranous, apex acute.
"Underdeveloped countries are starting to make steel, and China is catching up very fast, so new technology is very important. "
Lateral lobes of lower corolla lip not developed, with a small, acute tooth on margin; anther cells divaricate, hairy.
Not developing these skills allows you to generalize or go off on a tangent, losing the point you are trying to make.
Melamine lawless elements will be added to the raw milk, the drill is the Kjeldahl method of loopholes in the milk protein content.
Illegal unscrupulous merchant adds formaldehyde in milk even, the flesh kind with vitriolic , butter makes anticorrosive processing with borax.
lawless area developers deliberately artificial and distorted understanding of commitments to reduce pre-sale rules.
The urgent condition of the "ongoing" illegal infringement is based on whether or not the dangerous quality comes to a certain extent.
Therefore, no matter pusher fish in troubled waters made from soy sauce is still, all nominal is "fermented soy sauce" .
Those who do not bother to get plentiful amounts of iron may begin to feel weak and tired.
Make no mistake, getting these basics wrong, or not doing them at all is a recipe for failure.
Make no mistake, Dallas played a great game and was clearly the better team in the series.
Available to learn a new piece of software does not compare favorably with the time available before results.
The film business is like a snake digesting a large meal: the production bulge caused by the surge of money in 2006 and 2007 will take a year or so to work its way through the system.
Think of them as like the different versions of Vista, but with many more apps in each package.
Try any one of these, and you'll boost your metabolism for up to a whole day afterward.
May walk out, relax breathing, to brilliant sunshine. The rotten heart to water, dust to be a disappearing eyes.
here ' s another way to look at it : one of the smallest parts of a car is the ignition key . yet , without it , you don ' t move forward.
Here is a bet and a hope that the next quarter century will see more change in higher education than the last three combined.
Establishing goals is all right if your don't let them deprive you of interesting detours.
Tell the public that I was so ugly that you fucking had to be drunk to fuck me?
Instead, try tossing a couple of clean tennis balls in the dryer with them and they will come out soft and absorbent.
Take a look at this year's dog show pics - we've also included some particularly adorable past competitors.
Watch the Earthlings movie or trailer if you can get through it – If shock and awe inspires you to make changes, watch this movie.
Consider a simple example: how many tsunami drownings take place in a year on average?
One spectacular suggestion, the Bur A1 Arab in Dubai. A limousine picks you at the airport and whisks you off to your private paradise.
Consider doing a few months with a life coach or signing up for a weekly seminar or class that keeps you focused on achieving results.
Fast forward to Dusseldorf in 2007 and German banks from across the public and private sphere have stepped up to the plate to rescue IKB .
Well, summarize what I got in the past year, and think of new plans for the new year or more future.
Light a candle, close your eyes, and take a few minutes each day to invite positivity into your day.
Settle into a little booth for an intimate coffee, just like the movie's stars Tony Leung and Maggie Cheung.
To be able to drive Treasury and digital business card printing machine solution is JDF has won a realm and to retain a great so far.
Just imagine the impact that our combined efforts can have on public awareness about the mystic power of archives!
Consider skipping the flowers. Perhaps share a memento, or make a charitable donation to honor the deceased.
Simply present this timeless ring to your beloved and show her your ever-lasting love.
Look for some petal earth tones like canary yellow and light natural shades like aqua! There will be soon a dramatic transformation in your wedding that soon forms a fab.
I suggest use royal fizz to rust it, it is easy to distinguish its Wuzi veins' character.
does not give up the ignorance is to give up, do not give up should not give up the perseverance!
No waiver of any breach of this Agreement shall be held to constitute a wavier of any other or subsequent breach.
Only those who do not allow themselves to fluctuate up and down with desires are fully alive .
Not to be sold in pieces. Rub on a box of matches safely and throw it away from you immediately. For outdoor use only.
not (to) be sold seperately. Do not hold (it in) hand after lighting. For out use only.
This penalty sends out a strong message to firms of all sizes that they must ensure client money is segregated in accordance with FSA rules.
To court favors from all sides and to grab personal gains in secret is malignancy.
and an unclosed end of the outer tube is externally connected with a steam pipe (or a hot water pipe) for collecting steam (or hot water).
Do not mock, satirize or discriminate against students. Do not subject students to corporal punishment or disguised forms of corporal punishment.
Disobedience to God's word and His will for us will always keep us from accomplishing what God calls us to do.
Do not listen to follower, hard person with dozen with scold, attack with evil-minded language, till Ko the other side completely.
To be uncontrollable, as a horse is when it clenches its teeth on the bit; to cast off or refuse restraint.
Emulative publicity, bloody romance with ideals, Setaria into her mouth, playing a flick of the wrist, attracted a few girls.
Do not meet customer needs, to customers the most value to make key contributions to the ability is not the core competitiveness.
It shall be prohibited to produce, sell or import products that are not up to the compulsory standards.
Enterprises which fail to meet the aforesaid requirements may not enjoy the treatment provided for by different policies for the national development zones for new and high technology industries.
All overall plans for land utilization which fail to comply with the above principle and requirements have to be revised.
However, the wavelength periodicity elapses gradually when the individual sections length follows Gaussian distribution.
Medicines that do not meet World Health Organization (WHO) guidelines for product donations or that are near expiry.
Do not inconsistent with the conditions of delivery of the curriculum vitae, CV, please do not send an attachment, or is an appointment!
Does not conform to sanitation standard food is the national law public proclamation forbids to produce, the sale, it includes: . . .
the food additives that do not conform to the hygiene standards and the hygiene control regulations may not be marketed and used.
Nonconformance : Monitoring equipment in use is found to be out of calibration .
The product does not conform to the quality conditions indicated by way of product directions, samples, etc.
Federal skilled worker applicants who do not meet the above criteria will be informed of this and will have their processing fee refunded.
He that will not stoop for a pin will never be worth a pound
Incorruptible bodies are often said to have the Odour of Sanctity, exuding a sweet aroma.
The whole family must go to gaol or commit suicide unless such a bill could be paid.
Disclaimer: The web sites for this course and the materials they offer are provided for educational use only.
Irresponsible is not to say unproductive, it's just to say that if other people are relying on you, you should think twice.
"Shouldn't have interfered? " I shouted. "Well, it damn well seemed to me that he needed someone to represent his interests. "
Do not turn aside those who seek the ways of the Wicca for the want of an offering or the lack of a robe.
Lynette shouldn't have been so concerned about my husband. He had other things on his mind. Things below the surface.
This is not the expected end, just as the TV presenter Caoyin said, she did't know why she was tearing, maybe she felt regret to the result.
What Not to Do: Resist dishing out moral judgments. "You're such a slob" or "You're so lazy" is not going to get the floors scrubbed .
We have done things we ought not to have done and left undone things we ought to have done.
No, what has changed is not the degree of iniquity, but the fact that we know about it.
"Without change, deserts deteriorate," claims Tony Burgess, a burly ecologist with a huge red beard.
Without changing the status quo, you could have your own army, judicial system, currency and could fully govern yourself.
And without a change of opinions what else is there than the slavery of men who groan while they pretend to obey?
I found there were a couple of key steps I took that helped me learn the best parts of being an extrovert, without changing my personality.
do not change its original, although age of forgiveness, punishment of judah to wrong without difficulty.
Do not be bitter, not sweet not greasy, less passionate, less fanatical, more leisurely taste of love and generosity.
sticker can be a perfectly fine label requirements embodied, but its cost shrink film will be expensive.
Self adhesive materials began to involve more extensive and deep applications demand has grown to diversification.
Not to be outdone, President Asif Zardari issued an effusive statement of his own about a friendship “not matched by any other relationship between two sovereign countries”.
Unwilling insipid brandon relies on his kindness, courage and wisdom won the sweet love, also creates to belong to his future.
Can not be reconciled, but there can be, all is a foregone conclusion.
Not reconciled to is little shop is done on the net " shopwindow is beautiful " , bazaar had been being changed.
Don't be surprised if this new era of coldness escalates, because in the past week, Mars has opposed Uranus and squared Pluto.
Have no dare to wear clothes in bright colors; do not dare to wear any fashionable jewelry.
Dare not face in front of his wife's information, have to reply in toilet, the reason more than hiding in toilet to the lover text messages.
Implausible meteorological phenomena were also invoked: the countries' relations had become an "everlasting warm spring" .
Did not dare challenge his natural inertia, then this game is definitely the perfect choice for your virtual!
I can't believe this, thought Kugelmass, staring at the doctor's ravishing wife. This is uncanny. I'm here. It's her.
I can't believe they charged us 30 dollars each. It seems like a rip-off, don't you think? It's not like I'm gonna get on these rides.
Not believe they want to, like an executioner, an innocent hurt an innocent person's heart.
No, "replied the new salesman. " He actually came in for a bottle of aspirin for his wife's migraine.
Happy, he will not read books, and hold a pretence of, this can be used to sit there all escape my amiable breeze ear.
Without the innovation and the open policy, the stratagem we had made cannot be accomplished. This is a hard barrier that we must conquer!
I don't tell you. But I know I can't write so perfect English sentences, even Chinese. I try to understand every sentences and remember it.
No, tell her the truth. Tell her you saw her, admired her from afar, and wanted to ask her out.
don't give them the difficulty and the tough environment contact, don't let the children a grievance.
It's a shame not to keep some of these strawberries for the children.
Should not blindly import devices these days, even if the import of small brand is not easy to use.
A mother who did not bind her daughter's feet was doing her adisservice, for ugly, huge feet would mean little prospect of a good marriage.
16 not to leave him with too much material heritage, give him a healthy body, give him a mental health, a happy life.
Trick-or-treating may seem like harmless fun but research has shown that Hallowe'en is the worst day of the year for criminal damage.
It do not conform with the international trade practice not to allow a commission.
No, it's true, according to a study published in the journal Mass Communication and Society. [Julie Lather and Emily Moyer-Gusé, "How Do We React When Our Favorite Characters Are Taken Away?
Going out to eat alone without announcing it like you've just found a cure for cancer.
The unfair and irrational old international political and economic order has not been fundamentally changed.
"Unfair trade agreements have sent good American jobs packing, hurting Missouri workers and communities, " she said in one of her adverts.
A sense of injustice may lead to murder, or to a ground-breakiing work of economic theory.
Unfair. Does the woman not need male confidant? You know, one man cann't fulfill her desire in biology.
Unfair Advantage challenges you to understand two points of view and experience how financial knowledge is the unfair advantage.
Injustice, particularly when he sees people who are different treated with disdain and discrimination.
An unjust and irrational order hinders the global media industry's sustainable development and contributes to the problems in today's world.
Unjust laws and unfriendly attitudes mean that gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people don't always get a fair go.
Examples of justice denied do not mean that this noble enterprise is doomed to fail.
The inonlyice led Dr Lord to organize non-violent demonstrations aimed at ending segregation.
The injustice led Dr King to organize non-violent demonstrations aimed at ending segregation.
On her days off, she wandered the streets of New York and Chicago, most often with a Rolleiflex twin-lens reflex camera.
The unsmiling waiter gave me a blank look, so I strode off inside to search for it myself.
Immature students may be unable to cope with the grief of a breakup and may attempt to harm themselves or even commit suicide.
More passive children almost always die before reaching adolescence, either by starvation or extermination by their peers.
But can a computer controlling a robot be programmed to empty a dishwasher or fold a pile a laundry?
Casual observers often mistake his modest demeanour and collegial style for a lack of assertiveness.
Live in the reality of your self, Live and study your life steadfastly. 3.
Derrick: No. They always want to keep the cost down. I am really overwhelmed with a heavy workload.
Over Spanky's objections, Alfalfa decided to let everyone in for free, and allow them to pay on the way out if they liked the show.
Despite orders not to pursue, Anakin gave chase, and Asajj lured the young Jedi-in-training into a trap.
Despite heavy losses, Anakin and Ki-Adi-Mundi must rendezvous in time to destroy the enemy factory before it can begin production.
The new tax laws were rammed through regardless of the opposition of the majority of the people.
for the whole and complete indifference to other departments, localities and people are characteristics of a selfish departmentalism.
ignoring muffled sniggers from the lined - up children , bob and his brothers stood perfectly still.
Over the fierce opposition of prosecutors, the judge allowed Bernet to testify in court that these two factors help explain why Waldroup snapped that murderous night.
UN officials nevertheless presented the baby and her parents with a small cake as she lay on her mother's chest wearing a knitted red hat.
In spite of their desire for good relations with China, the Congress of the United States at least supports Tibetan human rights.
Despite the downpour, they didn't rush towards the house, and Noah imagined what it would be like to spend the night with her.
Despite my lengthy to-do list, I really just wanted to lay in the grass and finish reading "Switch, " the latest book by Chip and Dan Heath.
Neglect the objection of employer, Su cripple snow simply pulled burning leave to arrive at a pool side.
In spite of the weather, they managed to push along and arrived at the work site before daybreak.
Disgarding all dangers, the detective finally scramble into a tower overlooking ski runs.
In spite of my hood, my nose were nearly frozen but I dare not take a hand out of my glove to warm them.
Despite a nominal curfew, Cairo's central Tahrir (Liberation) Square has remained filled with protesters into the night.
Do not care the children or the old men's health and we go on to feed many cats, dogs or some others.
Desperate people have tried everything from firing cannons into the sky to lacing clouds with silver iodide. Now researchers have attempted to make it rain with lasers.
The consequence of desperation to develop is exhaustion of resources and deterioration of environment which lead the mankind to wrack and ruin and lead the economy to back up.
Lost in oblivion, dark and silent and complete. I found freedom. Losing all hope was freedom.
He is very poor, (he couldn't support the famlily) but she recklessly fall in love with him.
With my little friends new and old I had happy times exploring the great holdings, to the annoyance of the gardeners.
It was no wonder those inside wouldn't, because we were a very motley crew, and could have got up to anything.
a matter not related to the brake, but probably you are not enough generating capacity cars to see if the belt is too loose.
"It is none of you business, " the young man said rudely. "This is a private conversation! "
I said angrily. ‘It's none of your business, ’ the young man said rudely.
It's not the temperature. It's the humidity. It's not even the dog days of summer yet and it's scorching outside.
"not my business" : As a manager, as long as a company thing, unavoidably, have a responsibility.
Privacy Unconcerned: Up to 12% of consumers who are willing to exchange privacy for buying benefits.
Every time a Facebook or Twitter executive burps within earshot of the media, the question of a public offering seems to emerge.
Whatever the merits, there's no doubt the agency has placed a huge reputation gamble on the case.
Regardless the reason for her advancement, Ahsoka remained eager, almost overly so, to prove herself worthy of her status as a Padawan.
Love it or hate it, in the last few years, Flash is suddenly being used for more than just animations of politicians singing goofy songs.
However extensive the work, the audit failed to uncover the essential truth: the assets were fake.
Whatever the causes of this change in Odessa's sex trade, it presents a new set of challenges for the people trying to tackle it.
Whatever the private thoughts of Mr Obama, America has refused to join the international outcry against its wayward ally.
Whatever the outcome of the Olympus scandal, it's not likely to favor Kikukawa or his board.
Whether or not Ms Batuman ends up spinning out a novel, with "The Possessed" she has revealed her powers as a storyteller.
Mother and baby can enjoy the convenience and closeness of breastfeeding during all the hours they are together, day and night.
Whatever Bo's motives were, the deeper problem is that Chongqing was no anomaly.
However stupid the royalist police may be, they do know one terrible thing.
Whether leopards have feathers or not, it's hens that always end up in a pot.
Whatever NATO's weaknesses, "if it were gone, it would be very, very hard to recreate. "
Notwithstanding anything else herein, CFI reserves the right to pursue any and all claims against any user of your account.
No matter how the game is played, baseball is still one of the favorite sports around the world.
Without giving thought to standard how, anyhow is pie-eyed be to cannot become a belle.
Whether standard applications, BPM or Dynamic BPM is required depends on the agility requirements of the business.
Either way, inflation is the opposite of stable prices, and over time can erode the purchasing power of your money.
Regardless of what other mom's may have told you, it does not do any good to bite your child back, and in fact may be very detrimental.
Wherever anybody else looks , look somewhere else, and go do something different, you know, and doing that .
He always spoke nicely to me, no matter what folks said he did.
No matter how others praise you, you always have the courage to say to myself, I am a layman.
Despite all attempts to put him off , the question persisted until he got a satisfactory answer .
Personal attacks on referees should be off limits, no matter how incompetent they are.
Whether or not finance ministers are not convinced by such calculations, operators seem to be.
At least half of mortgage holders still pay 5% or higher in interest, regardless of whether a fixed or floating rate.
Whichever he does, the transaction cannot be completed until the American exports have been paid for by an equal amount of imports.
Regardless of which method the screen uses, you change the electrical properties of the screen every time you touch it.
Regardless of how participants made their choice - immediately, or after either conscious or subconscious deliberation - they tended to choose the best option.
It is highly debatable whether these wars, whatever the intentions of the leaders who committed their nations to them, made the world a safer place.
We can see directly which scenes excite which regions of the brain every one to two seconds, whether the subject is aware of it, or says so or not.
Whatever happened she would remain faithful, work hard, carry out the orders that were given to her, and accept the leadership of Napoleon.
Whether the deviation tendency comes from uneven raw metal, worn rollers, or mistakenly high temperatures doesn't matter much.
but I must be a blockhead indeed, if, whatever befell me, I could think of your kindness and sympathy without the sincerest gratitude.
For all intents and purposes, you can use an XMLCursor as a java. util. Iterator, except that you can also use it in a generic fashion.
For all intents and purposes, there will be no phones in the future - only portable data devices used for all kinds of communication, voice being an equal partner with the web.
Whatever the precise reason, the lament is the same: so much to do, so little time!
Whatever the reason may be, people are waiting to go on a crazy rant about Arsenal and their players.
For whatever reason you're giving or receiving gifts, there is an emotional overlay that you ignore at your peril.
Refusing to learn from your mistakes, whether out of stubbornness or arrogance, is a quick way to kill your career.
Be placed in in spite of where, all only heading up to climb, would keep a kind of forerunner, a kind of motive for heading up.
Regardless of the height of the fall, the wearer always lands on her feet.
And whichever way you look at it, it's an expensive way of doing either.
Whichever way you look at it, the solution to Brazil's problems always seems to be the same.
The theme is well-trodden, everywhere you may choose to glance. An excellent backdrop to any form of entertainment, whether it be film, literature or anything else for that matter.
No matter look from any angle, even if this catchword is a cover only, appear than the sort of dinkum business already battalion makes a person more hearten and self-identity.
Nyiregyhazi was not Gould, musically or psychologically or historically, and much of his life, it turns out, was spent doing not much at all, just scraping by.
No matter how hard everyone tried to persuade him, he just wouldn't listen.
Regardless of the outcome of the continental migration, the continued subduction process causes water to be transported to the mantle.
Regardless of how wonderful life was inside the Great Central Sun, there was no goal of evolution home.
the number of filings (and thus charge-off rates) would be rising again, whether or not overall conditions for borrowers were getting worse.
Whether or not Dennis needed a break from the most tumultuous time of his life, his Turtles had graduated.
Leaders are trained as well as born and despite his years in the Senate Sen.
It's not easy being queen. Or cheap. Stick with me, Jenny Humphrey, And you'll have enough cash to underwrite your entire kingdom.
However laudable the aims may have been, the results were precisely what one would expect.
In any case, cynics suspect the problem with QE is that there may never be a moment when central banks feel confident enough to unwind it.
Whatever has evolved here has been a true regard for your character and goodness.
Wherever one goes, a good photo spot is simply around the corner for one to capture the moment forever.
Irrespective of pathology, anti-EGFR monoclonal antibody-induced severe hypomagnesaemia does not occur in all patients.
Despite moving at 18 miles per second, it still takes the Earth a year to make it around the Sun.
no matter that the subway guards, brought in for just this kind of cattle control, blare the same message through loud hailers;
Whether she likes it or not, her message of optimism and inclusiveness is often transmitted through her appearance.
No matter how dirty storefront looks, as long as appetizing and tasty bowl of soup came, Hu, anything let alone, and open-Drink you.
No matter how real and vivid computer images are, they are only images, not the historical objects and works of art that we see in real or even might be allowed to touch with our fingertips.
We don't clap at the end of a television programme, however good they are.
Regardless of where the creator based his designs for the movie on, it does not mean he is "invading" or "ruining" any part of that.
Indignity or not , he would change his unofficial shirt for a regulation one .
One way to preserve species under threat of extinction - whatever the cause - is to remove them to zoos and parks and breed them there.
Right or wrong, almost everything I' ve ever done has been wrapped up in readying him to be without me, and now I'm scared to death.
True or not, there's no doubt that Persian rugs have dazzled people for centuries.
Regardless of impacts on the planet, the human condition has likely never been better in terms of material prosperity.
For rookies or veterans, guarding Bryant can become a humiliating undressing in a sport that feeds off boasting and bravado.
Whether for adults or kids, the worst of these programs focus solely on imagination exercises, expression of feelings, or imagery.
As much as you may dislike him, you've got to admit, he is very adept at the art of potion brewing.
No matter how hopeless. promise me now, and never let go of that promise.
No matter how enthusiastic or courageous [the rebels may be], a handgun has no chance against [Gaddafi's forces].
However hopless, it's the last resort for pushing molasses-like marbles up and out of the lungs.
No amount of time can erase the memory of a good cat, and no amount of masking tape can ever totally remove his fur from your couch.
How long no matter how many suffers waits for, is still invariable to your love.
No matter how well an engine is assembled, it's final power output is all up to you ! !
Whatever it was that had interrupted his life, he was trying to straighten it out.
No metter what happened, he never gave up his dream, he is a brave dreamer!
No matter what's happening in your life, find yourself a cornfield and hide there whenever you need to.
Whatever happens, it won't be Google's doing because Google is too busy defending its own turf to seriously encroach on Microsoft's.
Whatever happens expect it all to be played out against a somewhat smug soundtrack of "Are you watching Newcastle? "
Yeah, well, whatever the case, regarding your brother, I have managed to make a little headway.
No matter what happened, still believe that their best friends (626 experimental materials) Steven Aberdeen.
No matter what happens, he will go on with an indomitable will without turning back.
No matter what happens we need to keep our faith and trust in almighty God.
No matter what their views towards junk food are, they would not welcome the idea of having their choices reduced.
No matter what happens or comes up, you should act like it doesn't faze you.
Happening when and where it does creates a chance to use any pressure to your advantage, seeing it as an opportunity for a breakthrough.
The partridge and the rabbit are still sure to thrive, like true natives of the soil, whatever revolutions occur.
The hand wheel is always in the same position relative to the valve body regardless of whether the valve is in the open or closed position.
And no matter what the law says, many children are ill-protected from such traditional practices as genital mutilation, torture under sorcery, and under-age marriage.
"Regardless of discipline, employers are looking for individuals with the ability to multitask, " says Fay, who works with employers across a range of industries.
However the court interprets the Second Amendment, we strongly believe that in this age of mounting gun violence, reasonable gun control laws like Washington’s should be upheld.
Cube schema optimization applies to all partitions of the cube whether the partitions are processed independently or as a group.
Irrespective of the direction of the wind, the smoke from the cigarette will always tend to go to the non-smoker ...............
Buddhist or Chirstian, TIMA doctors around the world devote themselves to selfless medical service for the needy and poor.
Whether a Buddha is a man or a woman, young or not so young, a Buddha is always very pleasant and fresh.
"Whatever the price to pay, I will not be the silent accomplice in this blindness, " he declared.
No matter how much parents pay, only half of all children can attend schools in the top half.
It doesn't matter how fit the rats are; when they leave their feet, their LPL levels plummet.
Whether the link is initiated through your Gmail account or not, the malicious site can access your internal credentials.
Whether or not being clean and neat looking brings one closer to God, it certainly at least brings one closer to others.
Whatever the high-level assessments were, there seemed to be at least a strong suspicion that [Mubarak] would stay in power.
Whether you were the shy one at high school or the most popular person on campus, starting university is a clean slate for everyone.
Whatever agreements are reached in the negotiations that will take place in that city, they will have to be implemented mainly by states.
Whether Consols were going up or not, London had become a terrific property.
You've got a health-care bill where the public option may or may not survive, you've got some challenges on the reproductive-rights front.
This is true whether they are commuters on London's Tube or parents trying to get their children into a half-decent state school.
No matter how aggressive, demeaning, or seemingly silly the question may seem, "You want to come off as a statesman," says Kotter. "Treat him like a reasonable person with a reasonable question.
No matter how much Google engineers fine-tune their algorithms, that will never change.
Mr. Chen appeared to have a very strict routine on the bridge no matter if it was snowing blowing or broiling heat.
Whatever the facts about monopoly may be, the belief that competition inevitably tends to produce monopoly is widespread.
Cover pages are always inserted at the beginning of a document, no matter where the cursor appears in the document.
He is able to catch every word the announcer says, however fast the latter may speak.
No matter how preposterous the rule, it stays and stays, regardless of whether it works to accomplish its end.
however comical they may seem , pirates were no laughing matter for thousands of years.
Despite what Hollywood may tell you, brides do not want you barging into their wedding, stopping the vows, and proclaiming your love for them.
It's unnatural for humans to be nocturnal -- no matter how much coffee is consumed.
Women, regardless of marital status, spend more time doing these activities than men.
In either case, 2800 of the seeds germinated and were sent to Colombo, Ceylon (present day Sri Lanka).
They inhabit the trees at all body sizes , and , of course, they inhabit the land .
In spite of fadish political and social fantasy, male sexuality is not like female sexuality, nor should it be. If it were, it would be homosexuality.
Appropriate or not, after two wins, one of them a clinic, Mr. Maradona and his team are the talk of the World Cup.
Whatever a man like Hurstwood could be in Chicago, it is very evident that he would be but an inconspicuous drop in an ocean like New York.
(115)He had to get the car fixed no matter how much it cost.
We have to try our utmost efforts to save and rescue every single victim in the Wenchuan Earthquake regardless of the financial costs.
No matter how much money it will cost, we must try our utmost to extend this girl's life who was infected by the HIV.
No matter how much they cost, we must do our utmost to extend the HIV-infected girl's life.
Regardless of how much money it may cost, we should try our best to rescuse every victim who suffer from Wenchuan earthquake.
He had to get the car fixed, no matter how much it cost.
Despite the rhetoric of radical environmentalists , it is beyond the power of human beings to wipe the whole flood of life off the planet.
However adverb the circumstance, be firmly believes that action is more reliable than luck.
Regardless of the circumstances, Peter is no longer effective and his inability to see or believe it renders him toxic to the organization.
Whether or not the underlying crime Can be proved, the perpetrator acquires visible income from an "unknown" source.
Where al Qaeda and its allies attempt to establish a foothold -- whether in Somalia or Yemen or elsewhere -- they must be confronted by growing pressure and strong partnerships.
No matter how hard Steve Kean tried to put a positive spin on it, its is Blackburn's worst start to a season in 60 years.
No matter how intelligent a robot might be, it's nice knowing you can pull its plug to halt the anti-human insurrection.
Disillusionment with the parent however good and adequate they may be both as parents and as individual is to some degree inevitable.
No matter how rough things got at home, Dad continued to doggedly13 drop his coins into the jar.
No matter how the parole process works, critics warn that hastily rushing the process could lead to the release of the wrong inmates.
Regardless of how things unfold in the future, Amazon, Pandora and del. icio. us are examples of extraordinary recommendation technologies.
Plead as he would, Chiang could not get the Kuomintang to close ranks and rally behind him.
Transit systems regardless of size and capacity should have a plan for all possible disasters.
Church struggles aside, what does the work of liberal biblical scholars mean to the ordinary believer, the average person in the pew?
And whatever the educators think, employers from coffee bars to banks either require people to be bilingual or pay more to those who are.
Despite what happened next, Mr. Frans said the organization would not be deterred from its work in Afghanistan.
Whatever his sources may have been, the immense popularity of Geoffrey's Historia Regum Britanniae cannot be denied.
For better or worse, TD's future increasingly lies not in Ontario or Quebec, but somewhere between Maine and Florida.
However penitent today, managers will try to label opaque securities as loans to give themselves more discretion when valuing them.
No matter how carefully institutions try to guard against them, traders have big incentives to risk everything on stardom.
Whatever the leader's intentions, this week's event offered powerful testimony to what you might call the other dimension of American power.
Regardless of how it progresses, there is a current need and desire for bibliographic data in the linked data web.
Regardless of the economy and forgetting how much money you earn, wise spending should become a priority.
A strong hand had to bring forth political altruism, whatever the tone of economics.
The thief plays close to the vest no matter how hard the police threaten him.
No matter how our day goes, when we're in the company of a jovial character, it never fails to make us happy.
However flattering the angle, they could not disguise the fact that, as she breezily admitted, her lips were too thick and her nose too big.
It can occur when a large object is moving in a straight line or is rotating, and, although the effect is very small, it has been experimentally verified.
But whatever it was that Curly Tail did, Gruntle and Snuffle and Snuggle always tried to do something bigger.
No matter how much care is taken in making any decision, a negative or unintended outcome is always a possibility.
However zany and bizarre, Gadaffi was clever as a fox and had more lives than a cat.
Despite Kessler's wailing and carrying on, the two assistants methodically removed his meager furniture.
No matter look not to see a process, ultimate goal has only: Remember formula and theorem.
No matter where you look, the evidence points to an upsurge in both financial education and training, except in particular niche products.
Whatever its importance to other faiths , Cologne is a sensitive spot for German Islam.
However important the science might be, a poorly written book is simply not notable.
But regardless of how it is expressed, romance is truthful, and it is timeless because of that authenticity.
No matter how angry the teacher got the classmate never did the least bit of work, and his attention always remained fixed on the ceiling.
No stuff, slowly drag along with him, she doesn't trust him more carefree than her, will follow her all daytime long.
Whatever the reason, dedicating too much of your time and energy to your career will cause your dating life to flounder.
No matter how different the manners are, people all over the word agree that good manners really mean to be kind and helpful to others.
No matter where the power comes from this weapon can impale any unit.
No matter how many years pass, no matter how many times we come together on this hallowed ground, know this, that you will never be alone.
Despite the weight of history and the yearly deterioration in security, American commanders remain convinced that the war is "winnable" .
Despite the shortage of good females ,there are signs of hope that mainstream culture is working to change these ingrained attitudes toward women.
No matter how long the journey is, how dark during the night, from the bottom of his heart there are his parents warmly accompany.
Whether Mama was standing over the pot stirring with a long wooden spoon or not, I knew I was home.
Any buyer would also need a solution to the still unanswered question: what exactly is the most popular US website trying to be?
Whatever the formation United adopt for any given match, according to Ryan Giggs the players have the versatility to adapt.
Whether they are inclined to condemn or sympathise, commentators regularly ask how society got to be this way.
Regardless of whether crime or misfortune was predominant in any given story, the faces in that world were specific and personal.
"No matter what some agency may say, we've always been and always will be a triple A-country, " he said.
no matter what to pay home, start to fight. Get into the swing of it, a pressing matter of the moment is to attack, to pay licensing road!
Whichever countries or companies are at the forefront of that are going to own the category.
Whichever application is running gets the full screen by default or half the screen if the user wishes to see two at the same time.
Regardless of the devices used by any image, the system will sense and analyze each device while booting, making for a slow booting process.
No matter where or when they strike, though, the U. S. Army Corps of Engineers stands ready to respond.
Whichever version (if any) is true, the story will give comfort to those who see American talk of human rights as self-serving prattle.
No matter which of these methods require bridge is painted, durable, will not be mechanical, chemical and physical factors.
In either case, you are required to provide accurate property information to your potential tenant before entering into a lease.
Such a perversion of force would be, in both cases, contrary to our premise.
Whatever it was, it walked with a pronounced limp, dragging its left leg.
Whatever that means, this extra gear occupies a little lima-bean of a body that’s supposed to nestle in (sigh) your antitragus.
Whether it’s about a vengeful spirit or a stalking serial killer, ghost story structure is simple.
Despite jokes about women as spendthrifts, mothers (and grandmothers) are expected to consider their children's needs as paramount.
Despite what so many founders of startups think, there is no pent-up demand for their products from customers ready to pounce.
Despite predictions of apathy , more than 80 million voted, about normal for a midterm election.
Whether the category is murder or robbery, mugging or rape, the story is the same: juvenile crime is on the rise.
Either way, both pollute the air, land, water and, don't forget, change the climate.
Despite how far we've come interms of equality, there's always an argument to be made for chivalry.
It does not matter which path you take, it's always uphill and against the wind.
No matter how much intelligence you have, you can always change it quite a bit.
Whatever have been thy failures hitherto, "be not officiated, my child, for who shall assign to thee what thou hast left undone? "
Whoever you once thought you were or thought you had to be may no longer reflect reality, if it ever did.
Regardless of what you have done--or failed to do--the only sane approach is to accept it and move forward.
Admit it – at some point in the recent past, you fantasized about something sexually wild &amp; crazy.
But whatever idea you support, "New TianDi" has come to be the most populous and busiest entertaining zone.
No matter from which angle you look, there should always be uniformity, so that the formation looks like a steel panel.
However you decide to spend your time, one thing is certain: you will arrive at your destination fresh and uncrumpled.
However you decide to spend your time, one thing is certain: you will arrive at your destination fresh and uncrumpled.
Regardless of where you visit in the United States, do not hesitate to ask for information about buses and bus fares .
Regardless of your job or career, you are called to full-time Christian service.
No matter how big your church gets, it needs a rudder as well.
No matter your situation--follow these steps to spruce up your resume and build contacts to get that interview you want!
Whether your goal is to create a stepping stone or some other form of keepsake related to your pet, creating a paw print mold is a way to personalize a one-of-a-kind item.
No matter how capable you are, they will not hire you. Their first reaction is that you are a crook.
You're never too old for an internship, a volunteer experience or trying your hand at a contract assignment in a new field.
No matter how old you are, losing a parent is a regressive experience that makes people feel young, childlike and vulnerable .
Regardless of how smoothly your business may operate, no one is completely immune to criticism and controversy.
Despite what your subconscious may be telling you, you can have love with no limits. The key is to unconditionally love yourself first.
I said angrily. 'It's none of your business, ' one girl said rudely. 'This is a private conversation! '
Whatever your mood, today's Libra New Moon is about putting yourself first, even if others insist their needs are more pressing.
Regardless of your intentions, your reputation is how others perceive you, whether it is realistic or not.
No matter how strong your willpower muscle becomes, it's important to always respect the fact that it is limited, and if you overtax it you will temporarily run out of steam.
There is something about this dry, rocky island and its people that unexpectedly enchants, no matter why or how you first arrived.
No matter how well read you are, we hope that this book opens a whole new world of ideas for you.
No matter how much you disagree with your kin, if you are a thoroughbred you will not discuss their shortcomings with the neighbors.
No matter how well you prepare for an interview, things may not always go as smoothly as you had hoped.
Regardless of your comfort level in regards to your appearance, [that knowledge] could prevent serious future health problems.
Whatever you think about using grating words, at the end of the day it's actually better not to say whatever, if you know what I mean.
And no matter what your views of the war or its genesis, things are likely to turn out different from what you expect.
As much as we might be loath to admit it, what the Internet is saying about us matters.
8. Don't sweat the small stuff. Despite your best preparation, something might go wrong as it did during the keynote.
No matter how hard you try or how much time you spend worrying, some things just cannot be changed. Accept them and move on!
No matter how beautiful, how rich, how filial, no man will marry feet that flop like pike.
Whatever you do , don't sit down at a bar. You'll find yourself paying God knows how much extra.
No matter how positively you feel, negative people have a profound impact on your psyche.
Regardless of what you think about him personally, his policies have been shown to be effective.
And whether you voted for me, or you voted for Barack, the time is now to unite as a single party with a single purpose.
and whatever else you may like to provide, it is to be all out of doors - a table spread in the shade, you know.
Whether you went on this date looking for a girlfriend or looking for a one-night stand, you know exactly what you want.
So whatever you choose for your main course, choose healthily and enjoy the preparation.
Live as long as you may, the first twenty years are the longest half of your life.
Whether you achieved fame in arts and letters, athletics, or politics, it was necessary to have at least some modicum of skill.
Whatever you do, make sure you do not empower teams that are not ready for it. That is disaster.
No matter what you call it, Pluto is one interesting body, which is why NASA has a spaceship called New Horizons zooming toward it and its Kuiper Belt companions even now.
No matter how much you give, like ten, five, or even just one yuan, my friend and his family will feel greatly obliged to you!
Irrespective of where you decide to turn to for help and support, it is important that you do not delay.
Whatever you decide, it needs to be what you want, not what someone else wants you to do.
Whatever goal you decide to pursue, your marriage needs to be a source of strength for both you and your spouse.
King: However you end it, based on my experience with The Dark Tower, you will hear from thousands of people who fling hate it.
Whether you place the blame on him for Shaq's departure from the Lakers or not, he played a major role in a bad situation.
If you can always treat each other tenderly no matter how long your love lasts, then each moment will turn into a kind of pure beauty.
No matter you are expelled, or given demerit, I will report the cause and effect of this incident to related education department and institution, just for records.
No matter how you talked about him or suspect him, I believe his innocence because he has always been a straight person.
Whatever your age, save some tong in the heart, you'll find that your happiness than in many.
No matter your age or mode of transportation, you should be visible, with bright or reflective clothing, plus lights if it's dark out.
No matter how you like it, shaken or stirred, in order for the drink to be a Martini it must be served in the iconic glass.
Wherever you go , be it for business of entertainment, it is always a good idea to know about the place as much as you can .
Bring a small notepad with you everywhere you go, or at least something where you can jot down your ideas.
no matter where you go. . . there you are. had a day off. . . so did the kids but they decided to leave me for friends boo hoo.
Whether you think the UN can accomplish a little or a lot, a better Security Council would be able to get more done.
No matter how smart you think you are, the market is always smarter.
No matter how brilliant you think you may be, the day will come when you will be told in no uncertain terms that you are laughably wrong.
Show them the courtesy of listening to what they have to say, no matter how much you disagree.
Regardless of what you do with the surface of a torus, you cannot make a knot.
No matter how you share it, your finished movie remains on your i Phone, ready to copy to your computer the next time you sync.
Life will continue to throw challenges at you no matter how much you plan.
No matter how tightly one grips the keys , trying not to release one note before the next is played, an imperfect legato results .
Enjoy this mantra however you can. It has immediate effects, for it taps the timelessness beyond the mind's tumult and conflict.
Whether you're in an exotic foreign land, town or village, the Expo will definitely be familiar with the matter.
No matter where you find yourself, comport yourself as if you were a distinguished person.
No matter which device you're working with all mobile hardware just isn't built up to standards with a desktop platform.
And regardless of which promotional channels you use, get the best value for your marketing dollars.
Call it a failure of banking ethics or a failure of risk management, it adds up to a big bill.
No matter you are a doctor, a master, or white-collar, once you join in it, that means you are one of the unprivileged .
You don't have to be Irish to apply, but you do have to tout Ireland as part of the process.
Whether one adhere to the concept of colonization or not, this is the direction of Asian progress and it may not be stopped.
Whether you're heading into your first job out of school or your 15th, the first days at a new gig are rarely easy ones.
Putting our sexuality under Christ's lordship is a lifelong discipline, whether single or married.
They can be popped in a recycling bin when you arrive and bought cheaply or had for free when you get to the other end.
No matter you are built to grave or design interested in this region, or historical sense of interest, graveyard is a worth destination.
Whether or not you wear a French cuff or cuff links, you ought to wear a pocket square.
Sex feels good whether you have an orgasm or not, and when combined with the right level of intimacy, the experience can be immensely satisfying regardless of whether or not she climaxes.
It won't matter whether you were beautiful or brilliant. Your gender, skin color, ethnicity will be irrelevant.
Whether you're educated or illiterate, whether you live on the boulevard or in the alley, you're going to catch hell just like I am.
All markets experience cycles of good times and bad times, whether you are talking about the stockmarket, currency market, commodity market or the local fruit and vegetable market.
Whether you agree or not with Gore’s plan, at least he has a plan for dealing with the real problem we face — a multifaceted, multigenerational energy/environment/geopolitical problem.
Whether you agree with the evidence or not, it is certain that there has been a global shift in thinking.
Whether you like to travel or not, these spots should not be missed.
Like it or not, you’re going to spend many hours at your desk.
Like it or not, our society runs on money and recognizes it as proof of accomplishment.
Well, believe it or not, touching your baby can actually lead her to smile more often, which reflects the strength of your bond.
Believe it or not, a touch of nervousness can sharpen your mind, allowing you to perform more quickly.
Believe it or not, some people, particularly children who happen to be the last to come in, leave their doors on the latch at night.
Whether you have a spare bedroom or a whole spare house, there are people who want to rent it.
Magazines and other periodicals will be delivered to your door like clockwork, whether you read them or not.
"Whether or not they are really monitoring you, they are still sending a message you might be watched, " he said.
Whether you are in the mood for a quick picnic, or want the young ones to work off some their energy on the playground, the city offers nine different parks.
Whether you're a hunt-and-peck typist or a Rachmaninoff of the keyboard, you will make mistakes.
Whether you're a princess, a donkey, or even a big, green, stinky ogre, you can find love and happiness.
Whether you are working with the CEO of a very prominent company, or a cleaning lady, you should respect their time and their concerns.
And the effect seems to hold, whether you're Christian, Muslim or agnostic, progressive, independent or conservative.
That's an expression of deep shame. Emotion looks the same whether you're a suburban housewife or a suicide bomber.
It takes a strong stomach to cyber date, whether you decide to meet someone or to call the whole thing off.
Whether you leave town for a day or a week, having something fun to look forward to will excite you and stimulate energy.
Whether you are an introvert or extrovert, you need a strong social network.
And if you are managing for the long haul, whether you are a company manager or a political leader, this is the road to perdition.
It doesn’t matter whether you are George Bush, Pele or Chuck Norris - you are not safe in Iraq.
You can maintain a clever, astute and erudite persona whether you're adolescent or octogenarian.
On your way to a soccer game or activity, it's easy to grab a cold one right out of the fridge, right?
You can go the wilderness or become a recluse, but your mind will bring its problems and conditioning anywhere you go.
It doesn't matter if you are walking into a cocktail party where other people are smoking or if you smoke one cigarette a week.
Whether you're going to the bank for a loan or to the local auto shop for an oil change, you should look the part.
Whether you really enjoy a good curry or a slice of chocolate cake, Indulge from time to time….
It doesn't matter whether you are japanese, jewish, persian, african, or european. In times like this everyone needs to help each other out.
Regardless of how you came to know the famous name of Excalibur , you must admit that it is a fine piece of legendary weaponry.
Giving unsolicited advice to others—regardless of how much you feel that they need it—is a waste of time and energy.
'Lower class people just show more empathy, more prosocial behavior, more compassion, no matter how you look at it. '
Whoever you may be, if you exist, and if anything more rational that what is happening here is possible, suffer it to be here now.
This is true whether you’re a CEO or a janitor, a marketing expert or an Emergency Medical Technician.
No matter who you are, how you treat them, they give you nothing but unconditional love.
Whether you are talking about your recent safari in Africa or that time you swam with dolphins in the Caribbean, it makes you seem knowledgeable and worldly which, let's face it, is totally hot.
Whether you are working for yourself or someone else, it is important that you take time off to relax.
Like or loathe them, they all have something interesting or unique to add to the way women dress.
Whether you want Ton-Tongue Toffee, Bertie Botts’ Every-Flavour Beans, Chocolate Frogs or Canary Creams, Honeydukes has you covered. Wash it all down with a Pumpkin Juice for $6.
Whether you want to travel to relax or join in spirited partying, New Orleans offers the tourist the best of both worlds.
Whether you're trying to establish a running habit or training for a big race, it's totally normal to feel nervous and anxious.
If you want to give a compliment, whether it's on someone's shoes or their recently published article, try to be genuine and don't gush.
No matter how much of a free speech zealot you are, we can all agree that porn (especially two minute clips online) convey nothing except naked doing it—erotic stimulus, not information.
It doesn't matter if you're interviewing to be a fast-food cashier or the next chief operating officer of a huge corporation. Be prepared!
Whether you are an experienced jewelry shopper, or need some assistance' we're confident you will find exactly what you are looking for.
No matter how much you sleep, you may still feel tired or worn out.
No matter what you say about life , I learn every time I bleed . . . Soul is in danger I gotta let my spirit be free ! ! !
Whatever you say, he/she can find 10 different reasons to back up his/her viewpoint.
Whatever you would envision, what we see as important in the concept of Big is the peace that you would create for yourself.
Whether or not you listen to a guru, you're 100% responsible for the outcome of your trades.
"While there's British occupation in Ireland there will always be opposition to that, whether you agree with it or not, " he said calmly.
No matter how far you go or how hard you strive, you’ll still have that limitation in place, taunting you with its shiny impermeability and brick-like dogmatism.
No matter who you're shopping for and how finicky their tastes, we've landed some truly exceptional surprises—from patterned pillows (hello auntie!) to cool wooden tools and slick minaudieres.
Whether we are couple or not, I would not like you to live in the shade, betraying your family, lying for the disgraceful women.
But whether you like it or not, advertisements have become a part of our life.
Like it or not, potential employers judge you based on how you present yourself, and that presentation begins with your choice of outfit.
Like it or not, the day is (almost) universally accepted as a moment to show your loved one(s) just how much they mean to you.
The sadness, stress, pain, or anger is there whether you like it or not.
Whether you like heart- stopping action or wry, witty dialogue, you should go out and see it.
LIKE it or not, the prospect of being able to use mobile phones on aeroplanes is inching ever closer.
Like it or not, you need to work your goals in order to be rich.
Like it or not, mathematics opens career doors, so it's downright practical to be prepared.
Like it or not, China has become a workshop for the world, a laboratory for new technology and global talent seeking to realize their futuristic visions.
No matter how much you think you hate school, you will still miss it when you leave.
HR Administrator: Believe it or not , it has the opposite effect . Employees are actually more productive on casual days .
Regardless of the price of your camera, handle the lens elements as infrequently as possible.
Believe it or not, doctor of philosophies (PhDs) are a dime a dozen nowadays.
No matter how much you think, you NEED to take action. Developing a just do it mindset takes times.
Whether you're looking for realistic German motoring, or just a really good racing game, this is it.
Regardless of what you write about, you need to be persuasive and develop a distinct voice.
You can believe it or not but I think out of courtesy it is better to respect this rule.
Connection, interaction, contribution, and intimacy, believe it or not, are better than a three car garage and a big screen TV.
No matter you believe or not, everyone you know thinks you are a good wife and mother.
Believe it or not, it's possible through a company called Vacations To Go, one of America's Largest Cruise Agencies.
"Believe it or not, " says Tucker, "our project was the first chance for many of these people to come together to show what they could do. "
Believe it or not, the competition for some unpaid gigs can grow intense.
Believe it or not, there were likely times during your college years where you weren't in a drunken stupor, and may have even been in class ...
Believe or not, it could also be the sign of an iron deficiency.
Wether you believe it or not, the football team of china defeated Iran.
No matter what career path you choose, I believe you have to love what you do. My own personal experience proves this point.
Whichever of the fitness classes you opt for, trained instructors are there to help you.
atever diet you choose to live by, the food you eat has to provide your body with the nourishment to properly balance your body's chemistry.
Whether you're in search of quiet relaxation or unbridled stimulation, Hawaii gives you the best of both.
Whether you're looking for white ants, fire ants or carpenter ants, the first complete database of the world's 11,000 known ant species can help you out.
Regardless of what you are trying to rent, the same process of planning still holds true.
Whatever way you look at it, euthanasia is a subject which cannot be ignored.
No matter how the year ends for you, just remember that it has been a great year. And next year you can make it even better.
I don't know whether my own pension fund is investing in leveraged loans right now , but I rather hope not .
Whether you've got a balcony, terrace, window-sill or garden, you need to make sure that the space is suitable for growing plants.
No matter how you see it, the Grand Canyon is a visual feast--a stunning mosaic of canyons inside canyons.
Regardless of you use any method to cause me to forget you, I will not be angry, because I will like you not wanting to leave you again.
It doesn't matter how much you like the neighbor's car, you don't go and spray gold on it. Spray it on your own car!
No matter how much money you have, you'll here none at last if you squander the money away.
Don't matter how much money you got, there's only two kinds of people: there's saved people and there's lost people.
No matter how bad your heart has been broken the world doesn't stop for your grief. The sun comes right back up the next day.
With or without an actual hypnotic induction (but preferably after one), slowly repeat the following suggestions to yourself.
Whether you've heard of him or not, you can find brief background information about him below.
Like it or not, your attitude is susceptible to the dominate attitude of those around you.
No matter how much you will post on various forums, you will not get quality team members.
It doesn't matter how much money you earn by working at home. Nor does it matter how successful your small business is.
No matter where you are, regardless of wind or rain, there is always someone thinking about you, feeling worried of you and missing you.
No matter where you are, turning just a bit off the main drag can yield a better meal for your money.
No matter where you work or what you do, your employer should have a safety program and safety guidelines for you to follow -- follow them.
Try on any clothes that you buy, whether or not you buy them at a retail store or a thrift store.
And whatever be his care on this point, money will probably make the foreigner in China more trouble than any other single cause.
Regardless of what you are like in real life, the key seems to be to act yourself.
Regardless of your position in the organization it is important for you to develop some sensitivity to nonverbal messages.
No matter what you are managing, do not assume you can glide by . Momentum is something you have to work at to maintain.
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
WHATEVER you think about ghosts, it is hard to speak of this desolate plateau on Turkey's eastern edge without using the word "haunted" .
Regardless of what you may think of him, there is no reason to suspect him of bringing about this horrible accident deliberately.
The Pentagon's ill-advised campaign to plant positive stories in the Iraqi media is disgusting no matter how you look at it.
No matter how you grab it, it’s guaranteed to enliven your coffee break and perk up your pantry.
whatever you make it will be a fun stress reliever and a great cardio workout!
No matter how you slice it, a greasy slick will ooze out of melting cheese, when heat renders liquid fats that were solid at room temperature.
Whichever way you think of it, you have to realize that your horse is not yet calm when he shows resistance in his mouth.
Do what you will, they are never satisfied; they only resent one's help, or else they take the help and never thank you for it!
No matter what you do to it. . . a mud pie is still a mud pie!
In spite of all you say, I still aver that his report is true.
However you measure the full cost of a gallon of gas, pollution and all, Americans are nowhere close to paying it.
Everywhere you turn, you see him: climbing down a chimney, rocking in a chair and rattling along on his sleigh.
No matter how long you may have been paying for a life insurance polity, its value is set.
No matter what you wear on Monday, the day is going to be blazingly fun -- so you might as well wear something outrageous.
Regardless of what you learn, your taking the time to ask is enough to motivate your employees and inspire their loyalty.
No matter what you have done or not done, no one deserves to be treated disrespectfully or in a threatening manner.
Whatever you do, don't compare yourself with the other guy or girl who seems to have been given a bunch of talents.
No matter what you do, the presence of handicap is inevitable, but it can't obstruct brave advancing to his goal.
Whatever you do at the start of the day sets the mood for the rest of the day.
Whatever their age or sex, the monkeys all have naked white faces, big humanlike ears, and the pursed, fretful expressions of old shopkeepers.
Regardless of your methodology, requirements are a very important aspect to any portal.
Regardless of who your stakeholders are, get out there with them and see first-hand how they benefit from and/or struggle with your software.
Whichever method you decide to use, the flashing process is now complete -- congratulations!
Regardless of how you choose to depict the evolutionary approach, its ability to shorten time-to-market can be vital to project success.
No matter how you convert the spreadsheet, you will find that the resulting XML document is never quite what you were expecting.
Whether you are int he narrow space use or in a capacious detection space, the UNILUX can help you achieve 100% inspection of the products.
Regardless of which percentage or cost you believe in, the potential savings with static analysis tools is staggering.
Be it for chance or as an exercise in caution, the uses of location services for tracking other people are just beginning to become clear.
No matter how well Pilates has sculpted her backside or how devilishly low-cut her neckline, be different... lock your gaze above the neck line for full iris-to-iris contact. She’ll be impressed.
Despite the size of its stake, the government is adamant that it is a reluctant shareholder and will stay out of managing the business.
Eg. No matter how agitated and upset other people get, Gill just plays it cool and gets on with her work.
This control allows you to set the maximum peak output level of the 166XL regardless of any other control.
Whatever the original cause, the body gets used to responding quickly and rapid ejaculation becomes the norm.
The Carrier may exercise his lien at any time and any place in his sole discretion, whether the contractual Carriage is completed or not.
"Prehistoric men followed the herds, " he said, whatever the temperature, while the women, cleverly, sought out the shade.
Set your alarm and get up at the same time every morning irrespective of how much sleep you got during the night.
Disregard close feeling, friendly sentiment, and love, can cherish forever being good state of mind.
We'll resolutely wipe out the intruders whether they come from the land, the sea, or the air.
Whatever the quality of the information exchange, our intelligence collaboration with that country was more than justified.
The memorial, at any rate, is on track to be finished in time for the tenth anniversary of the attacks in 2011.
Whatever the embarrassment, these did him no harm in the end, and long before he formally took over in 1993 he was largely running the bank.
Britain appears to be following this route at the moment, willingly or not.
However the world's economy fares, tourists are unlikely to abandon Mickey Mouse in favour of a Roman theme park.
You cannot browse for and add unregistered COM components to the Toolbox regardless of your level of permissions.
Whatever the long-term effects of making the court independent, in the short run it has one presumably unintended consequence.
The rate of mild cognitive impairment was the same, regardless of a man's education or marital status.
These ratios preserved their sense and value whatever opinion one might have about the composition of a continuum.
Whatever he or she chooses to call it, a healthy person breaks wind an average of sixteen times a day, and most often when asleep.
Forgiveness must be immediate, whether or not a person asks for it. Trust must be rebuilt over time.
Whether described as a whir, hum, or buzz and whether psychological, natural, or supernatural no one has yet been able to locate the sound's origin.
Whether described as a whir hum or buzz and whether psychological natural or supernatural no one has yet been able to locate the sound's origin.
Whether described as a whir, hum, or buzz and whether psychological, natural, or supernatural no one has yet been able to locate the sound's origin.
No matter what this unique American city is called, New Orleans has something for everyone.
Whatever from how people think of him, he is in the wrong place.
No matter how people vaunt an own great activity, they are usually just the outcomes of opportunity, rather than a great intention of result.
In all cases the number of the offending rider shall be indicated by a panel or any other audible or visible means.
And despite any concrete accomplishments, often the disillusioned public tends to focus exclusively on what has not happened.
But in any offense, the time comes when someone must shoot and for the offense to work, the ball must go through the hoop.
Ignoring the fact that Japan's army is now purely for defensive purposes, I believe that China is on par with the USA.
In any case, given the changes in the region, both of these states are now essentially beyond America's diplomatic outreach.
In any case Belgium is by no means out of the woods. It may not be Greece, but it could easily be the next Italy.
Whatever her idiosyncrasies, Angelina Jolie continues to captivate audiences with films such as Original Sin and Tomb Raider.
Regardless of how insignificant, each choice, each day, each idea, is the birth of the next.
In any case, the authors found that basic demographic information did not tell them much about musical tastes.
After all, the United States beat a hasty exit from the region when the Soviets left Afghanistan, with chaotic results.
Workers tended to beaver away for the first few days of the working week in any case, before hitting a plateau and then slackening off.
Either way , it went down badly and I apologise sincerely for any embarrassment caused .
Regardless, Lin's attempted coup had failed, leading to the destruction of his reputation within the CCP and in the country.
For better or for worse, McDonald’s is no more a chemical laboratory of secret compounds designed to embalm us from the inside than any other processed food maker.
The general idea of abstracting operations to simplify data management is valid, no matter how you implement it.
However, Stevenson cautions that such evidence is suggestive of reincarnation, but that more research must be conducted.
Either way, we are asking her to resume her prior relationship - not do anything she hasn't already done. . . voluntarily, I might add.
Howsoever, we had had the most beautiful once, it only goes to in course of slowly far, and I peel off in course of in rare pitiful memory.
However, little gray. Really go now knows dreams began to go abroad, but then the dream. Now let me to learn more, I had to move.
One clue there was, however, and the inspector himself pointed it out to me the following morning.
Either way, both sides win, or at least don't lose, on the political scoreboard.
That, however, was Senator McCain; the Candidate McCain of the past six months has too often seemed the victim of political sorcery, his good features magically inverted, his bad ones exaggerated.
Still, China's ambitious plan to modernize and expand its rail system is an opportunity no supplier can afford to miss.
Regardless of the styles involved or the approaches used, PHP projects of more than a few thousand lines tend to get messy in a hurry.
FOR all its faults socialism is manifestly superior to capitalism in one area: the making of myths.
Whenever you make a phone call smile when you pick up the phone, because someone canteen it!
They are always going to be with you no matter how rough life gets (in contrast to many humans unfortunately).
Always include a greeting and a signature, and use as many line and paragraph breaks as possible; this makes thee-mail easier to read.
Regardless of when we pull out, they're not going to be able to sustain to the level we brought them up to.
"Anytime you were craving chips and salsa or ice cream, you could go down there, " she says.
Whenever my kids had trouble juggling school, sports, social life and homework, I thought about sending them to bed earlier as a .
Whenever an object repelled me, I made it a subject of study, ingeniously compelling myself to extract from it a motive for enjoyment.
Whenever you hear the word If, then, and, or, not, If and only if, all these logical words, all, is, lovely logical words, you've got to be sensitized this week because I want to hear you.
Whenever it happens, that day will herald a new dawn for China and the end of an age for America.
Whenever you take off a pair of high heels, sit on the floor and give your calves some attention.
An epidemic occurs whenever the number of cases of a particular disease exceeds the number that would normally be expected.
"You can gobble up the thing, " he said, "or you can try to understand it. "
No matter what animal passes, it leaves behind it a trail of clues, which only the most experienced tribe man can read.
That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it.
Any idiotic excuse could work. She just needed to get her jacket from the chair.
Whatever the reason, when you’re stranded and you have one investor the only way out is to find new outside investors.
Whatever the cause, survivors of the Gansu landslide are now huddled in tents, which are drenched through, pitched on unstable slopes.
Whatever the reason, we've added an essence of mangoes and peaches for plenty of fruity flavour, as well as a zesty hint of pineapple too.
No pictures ever taken can convey more than a hint of the magnificence and the immensity of the Great Wall.
No matter what kind of academic practice, as long as middle school to be considered complete nine-year compulsory education.
Nourish disappointments with hope whenever it is needed, and always stay cool and shaded when you feel irritated or heated.
Despite this variety of foods, however, the Japanese have succeeded in making every single thing they eat, from tea to plums, taste like smokey beef.
It's all too easy to leave yourself vulnerable to these attacks, regardless of which version of ASP. NET you are using.
Whatever approach you take, there's really only one patently wrong one: the big bucket approach, where you throw everything into one directory.
Whichever platform or language you use , the client application will turn out to be a so- called thin- client application .
Regardless of the cause or responsibility, we are stricken with remorse for having caused our passengers injury and losses," the company said in an apology posted on its blog.
Whether it happened recently or it happened years ago, the memory of it may still sear your soul.
Regardless of how it came about, New York-New York is honored to be the first Las Vegas casino resort to be on a U. S. stamp.
Whatever the truth, the range is remarkable and makes Iapetus look like a walnut in space.
Regardless of the fact that Mulally doubtless works far in excess of those figures, it puts a more comprehensible value to his time.
Whatever the truth of it, handwriting is now consigned, like hand-carried post, to the realm of snails.
Whichever is the case, in marmots the idea that a little of what you fancy does you good clearly applies to both sexes.
Not surprisingly neither angora nor cashmere knickerbockers features on the packing list that appears at the end of this book.
Wheather it is going to bed on time, or finish your homework, think before you start complaining.
Whether this is hubris or homage, the display is bound to attract thousands of new visitors to this marvellous place.
Neither Mr Obama nor Mr Putin wants to see Iran emerge as a nuclear power, setting off a destabilising arms race in the Middle East.
He was always ready to alarm Towzer if there was any suspicious noise about the house, day or night.
But lark or owl, the most important thing is to make sure you get enough sleep.
It doesn't seem to matter if it's racing or testing they're always a little bit ahead of us.
To claim that the new study is in any way shocking, be that to praise it or to bury it, is simply ridiculous.
Whether single or not our trough may be over flowing with the love we have for God and our world encompassing true values.
Topical or not , it has given me community that I never had before.
No matter is be not, Grey UGG Boots, emperor the Mas all enumerate this Zhang at his body up be not?
Each partition requires a minimum of a tenth of a processor allocated to it whether active or not.
Whether artificial or not, he said, the object was bigger than an ordinary shooting star.
Whether they are elected by the people or not, politicians can rarely resist a bit of populism.
Whether because he had been to a funeral or not , the peculiar Forsyte build of his face was seen to the best advantage this afternoon .
A visit to any of these historical, technical, ethnic, or academic museums is well worth the time.
Whether working a campaign event or working out with her trainer, Michelle Obama always looks the part.
Common sense, practical wisdom, call it what you will, because when "silly prices" are in place, you know it just can't last.
And no Spartan, subject or citizen, man or woman. . . slave or king, is above the law.
Get out there and do stuff, try not to use the train of thought "Well, I deserve this, " too often.
The itch to shop has long been known to overwhelm some people, either because of simple materialism or to compensate for emotional problems.
For whatever reason-maybe they're overly critical, perpetually depressed or just plain annoying-you can't stand to bearound them.
Out of necessity or out of interest, people go back to school for the common goal to improve themselves.
Whether for this reason or from conviction, most profess themselves unfazed by the prospect of a failure to raise the debt ceiling.
Female musk deer and perfume makers alike find the scent to be irresistible.
No breakout has yet been confirmed above either the upper border of the trading channel or the 2010 highs.
From reporters on doorsteps to editors reporting to proprietors with political backing, there were pernicious incentives.
Neither the annotated schema shred nor the XMLTABLE function can generate these keys.
Whether it was aggression or affection, the expectations behind the alcohol fulfilled almost the same results as the people who were actually getting tipsy.
Whether a short jaunt to a nearby bed and breakfast or a more adventurous outing across the country it’s a nice way to rejuvenate your spirit and connect with your husband.
What followed is one of the more macabre scenes of this or any war.
Whether there is something called originality or not, the two scholars who began their concluding chapter by reproducing two of my pages are professionally culpable.
Internal politics and bureaucracy may play a role in whether or not this happens, as can the cultural and social interests of groups and individuals.
Irrespective of that, the fact is that not everything in the market today looks rational.
Styling or not, couldn't drag me out on a boat for that long.
Regardless of whether you’re learning French for next year’s trip or making a quilt to be passed down for generations, you need to stay connected with your future on a regular basis.
Frivolous or not, it makes you wonder about the biggest question of all: Does Hollywood reflect our reality -- or determine it?
Believe it or not, the settlers didn't have silver buckles on their shoes. Nor did they wear somber, black clothing.
An Incubation projects is supposed to validate whether a diverse community of developers shows commitment to enhance the quality and usability of the code.
Ecosystems change over time, with or without the involvement of mankind, so no one can tell what Hawaii “should” look like.
Whether blood related or not, people tend to gravitate to others, and eventually form a family unit.
Not a free ride, but at least a subsidised one. NUTRITIOUS or not, when you are hungry the promise of a meal is welcome.
Regardless of whether or not keep relationship with you, I would want to let you know. You are my only obsession.
Whether this form of lending has led to peace, the presumptive reasoning behind the award, is just as big an unanswered question.
He is still the writer before whom everyone from Faulkner to Mailer has knelt.
Whether you're new to FindBugs or already familiar with it, I encourage you to experiment with your own application-specific detectors.
The key thing with any shoe, high or flat, is that it should fit properly, not pinch your toes and have a degree of flexibility.
In the ancient time scenery painter, theoreticians as well as multitudinous experts in the contemporary fine arts historical treatise and the painters already have done massive research to it.
“Anyone who rejects Scientology also rejects, knowingly or unknowingly, the protection and benefits of Scientology and the companionship of Scientologists, ” Hubbard writes.
Whether intentional or negligent worth mentioning, perhaps God really is not an absolute and perfect those Symmetrical.
Translation has been serving consciously or unconsciously as a means of the West's cultural colonization.
Whether it's rising sea levels, desertification, torrential monsoons, melting glaciers or ocean acidification, climate change is rapidly altering the landscape of our planet.
Good or bad, with the help of a truly massive marketing campaign, "Halo 3" became one of the biggest-selling video games of all time.
In either case, it gives us pause as to what China has come to that such a grisly incident could have occurred.
Whether any of these, or other, concessions will be made for the sake of a difficult relationship is unclear.
The least popular names were associated with juvenile delinquency among both blacks and whites.
The boot time for an instance is absolutely unacceptable for the Internet, for web development, or otherwise.
Having to leave ASAP, whether it's to meet a friend for brunch or attend your can't-miss Spin class, is a total mood killer.
The sojourner as well as the native, when he blasphemes the Name, shall be put to death.
Capitalism never seems to get a balanced treatment in the movies, whether documentary or fiction.
Whether on the rocks, straight up or mixed in with your favorite cocktail, vodka has a reputation for being the life of the party.
Whether it's to lose fat and gain muscle or to run a triathlon, it's vital to have a goal to work toward.
Whether its for feed, fertilizer, or to feed a family of four, some use can be found.
Whether it's a church choir or street dance crew, being part of a defined community group raises happiness levels.
Whether it was a receiver running the wrong route, a lineman missing a block or a back fumbling the ball, Brett never singled anyone out.
No matter it is fully blooming or silently declining, willingness and respect we keep to it are always there.
Everything from can openers to garden tools to knives and scissors tends to be designed without taking them into consideration.
thing from can openers to garden tools to knives and scissors tends to be designed without taking them into consideration.
Whether it's teacher or instructor, the bottom line is that it is an honor to be in this role.
Whether it was softball, basketball or soccer, whether his girls Melissa and Sara played or not, hededicated himself to his teams.
Both history and fantasy were sculptured in equally realistic and neurotic detail so that there was no boundary between the real and faked.
Whether it be a stud with an adorable no-name actress or two superstar entertainers, the only thing that matters is how cute the couple is.
There is no question among any of the etymological dictionaries as to the fact that snafu comes from a military slang.
The audio quality of voice calls on any phone, through any carrier, seems to have gotten worse rather than better.
Either way, you'll make it easy on him to put you to work. Mission accomplished.
Whatever it is, at a certain moment feelings will arise inside you which are so intense that they cannot be ignored.
No matter what type of the reason it was, there was one thing in common: carelessness.
In either case, no effort will be made to verify that recipients of aid were truthful on their original mortgage applications.
Either way, those enviable levels of credit growth are likely to taper off soon.
Either way, we appear to be in the early stages of a strong economic recovery and one that could prove very profitable for investors.
In any case, he certainly looks like he is having a squeal of a time as he basks in the Italian countryside, bathed in the springtime sun.
In any case, the malicious software (malware in the jargon) penetrated at least one classified computer network.
Whatever the cause, E. coli is now turning up in a growing number of fruits and vegetables including apples, lettuce, and spinach.
Whatever it was, we knew that after living through four terrorist attacks in seven years we could be resilient no more.
In any event, as things stand, the amiable but tired Mr Abbas may be around for quite a while yet.
Both men and women who masturbate too frequently will develop an addiction-like attraction for the habit.
Neither your unkind words nor your unfriendly attitude has caused me any distress.
Your wealth, fame and temporal power will shrivel to irrelevance. It will not matter what you owned or what you were owed.
If your alarm clock, wallet, shoe laces, windshield wipers - whatever- are a constant aggravation, get them fixed or get new ones.
Whether you like the name or not, the Blame feature can be awfully handy sometimes.
It is simply not something that most people in the news care very much about, whether they live in Oxfordshire or Gambia. It will pass.
Two or one, whichever way fits the story best is fine by me, and everyone I've spoken with at Summit seems to feel the same way.
Flaccid or erect, size depends on the amount of blood in the organ.
Whether Pygmalion or Narcissus, Obama and Osama share a realist's vision of how power is wielded.
Whether its a little over checking or allot of over checking either way over checking is not energy efficient to our bodies, mind and life.
Whether you go to the supermarket, drugstore, clothes shopping, or a convenience store, challenge yourself to have a reusable bag with you.
Whether it's getting the G-8 nations to give more money, lobbying President Bush, partnering with Evangelical Christians.
Whether it is human evolution, or history of change, "change" is always with us inseparable, are closely related.
Whether the communication partner of the logging client or logging web service is a Hop needs to be kept transparent.
Whether it was Sarah claiming she was too old to be used by God or Jeremiah claiming he was too young, God rejected their excuses.
The Gilded Age was one of extreme profligacy, both in business investment and sumptuous expenditure.
Heads of lettuce, as well as airline tickets, have shifting prices displayed on an LED on the grocery shelf.
Whatever the explanation, teens have been AWOL from movie houses so far this year, and as a result the box office is in a prolonged slump.
After any kind of anal play, you should immediately change condoms and wash the relevant body parts thoroughly.
Whoever comes into the woods to deal with the natives, must use Indian fashions, if he would wish to prosper in his undertakings.
Whatever the wares, Yamada is confident her team of women has mastered the way to a Japanese woman's heart -- something she says her male counterparts and bosses can't hope to match.
Whatever was contended in that pea nut got exploded with such a force that the things are still going away from each other .
Whatever your reasons for being unhappy, you need to maintain your professionalism and prevent a bad attitude from sabotaging you.
Whatever it is, think about it, and from doing so, your priorities will emerge —the good and the bad.
Whatever the euphemism, 2 employees affected by these practices know what the words mean to them: layoff.
Whatever the prank, the trickster usually ends it by yelling to his victim, "April Fool! "
it was, behind the wall. The statue stood in front of the door and there was no.
Whatever it is, the team will take the Emergency Department to the battlefield.
Whatever the reason, the Headless Horseman continues to roam the roads near Tarrytown on dark nights from that day to this.
Either way, when they wake up the next day, they find that normal life is a little boring.
Whatever issues killed the Coke deal likely won't happen with Nestlé's bid to buy China's biggest confectioner.
Whatever the reason, the appeal of retrogaming is clearly about more than just nostalgia - it's about rethinking, or at least reviewing, how games are made and played.
Whatever the reason why buy a standalone digital voice recorder when this baby does so much more. . .
For whatever reason, I tend to think of him as a low-profile "insider, " but his publication history belies this image.
For whatever reason, most of my closest friends were fellow African Americans. Was it a need for familiarity?
Whatever the reason, Amazon will have to hope that its gambit works, because its business model has at least one worrying downside.
Whatever the reason, delays in reporting such information can hamper plans for public health responses.
Either way, the lock wait was a surprise, and the user did not know how to figure out what was going on.
Whatever the cause, it's a graceless change, and One Day, such a treat on the page, ends up being just another day at the movies.
Whatever the cause, it's a graceless change, and One Day, such a treat on the page, ends up being just another day at the movies.
Whatever the cause, this fact may help to explain the phenomenal popularity of social networking sites: the truth draws people in.
Whatever the cause, this fact may help to explain the phenomenal popularity of social networking sites: the truth draws people in.
Whatever the reason, the Headless Horseman continues to roam the roads near Tarrytown on dark nights from that day to this.
Any change whether an Agile implementation or re-arranging the office furniture is going to encounter some resistance.
Poets and historians alike are put on the defensive, to be contrasted unfavourably with both Awares and Unawares.
Both the vector and raster models for storing geographic data have unique advantages and disadvantages.
Win or lose, San Francisco Giants' Dusty Baker has to be a strong candidate for the National League Manager of the Year award.
We seriously hope whoever was editing this scene was drunk on Jack Sparrow's rum. (DING!
We seriously hope whoever was editing this scene was drunk on Jack Sparrow's rum.
Whoever first climbs up to the top of the Mount Tai will get a valuable present.
Whoever buys them, the numbers are unlikely to add much to the more than 220m Walkman cassette-players already sold.
The Obama-ites and Clintonistas will need each other in the general election, whoever becomes the nominee.
Whoever triumphs in Westminster, cuts in public spending are bound to cause resentment in both regions.
Prayers are read at the beginning of each sitting, whether the House is meeting in its judicial function or for public business.
The food mill purées soups, sauces, vegetables, fruits, raw fish, or mousse mixtures.
Hidden variables are automatically resubmitted as part of a form submission, whether the submission is to the same page or to another page.
They tend to require working outdoors regardless of the weather, have elements of physical danger and do not pay very well, he said.
No matter it is a homophone (phonogram) or a polysemous word, the point of the speaker is not the "similarity" but the equivocality .
If you repeatedly follow and unfollow people, whether to build followers or to garner more attention for your profile;
Whether for a new drug or solar cell, we constantly strive to design and build intricate new molecules.
The solution, both to prevent the excesses of praise and the humiliation of criticism, is to stop caring what other people think of you.
Sitting around a campfire, clicking on a link, capturing on film, beating the boss, improvising on stage, being part of life.
Exercising the mind in one area--whether literature or sociology or accounting--will strengthen it for learning in other areas as well.
And whether these line integrals or double integrals are representing work, flux, integral of a curve, whatever, the way that we actually compute them is the same.
Whether it's a small fib ( "No honey, you don't look fat" ) or the type that will land you in prison, we all lie at some point.
Whether as a place for a game of chance, great restaurants, thrilling shows, or simple, quiet relaxation, this city knows how to do it first class all the way.
Try something new whether it’s a gift or an experience so you can keep the years from becoming a blur. This will always be the year that I first dressed up like Santa.
A watchmaker, an enthusiast, an honest retailer -- any of these will minimize the risks of buying a fine watch.
Regardless of one matter in two sides or two matters in two sides, they both determine that the world is of two sides, thereby explaining that the world is contradictory and opposing.
Whether or not this is an opinion letter, set forth the factual assumptions and statutes you rely upon in giving your opinion or advice.
America is not about to throw away its military pre-eminence, either by accident or design.
Whether loose in a teapot or placed in an infuser, leaves should never be packed.
Life tastes much the same, whether we quaff it from a golden goblet or drink it out of a stone mug.
The future of alternative energy appears to be rich, whether it is the potential of new biofuels, citrus peel or farm waste products to supply new energy sources.
Whether for marketing, science or sport, some individuals are more interested in destroying the iPad than in ogling its sleek design.
The POWER architecture is well worth exploring as both a high-power workstation and a server environment.
Inadvertent or not, the new designation helped focus attention on just how awful the Chinese capital's air had become.
Consciously or subconsciously, women do seem to take their future prospects into account when deciding when to start having children.
Round and oval baking dishes can be used for roasting chicken, duck, or meats, or can double as gratin dishes.
Reading historical debates and hearing of the attention paid to them by a thoughtful populace, certainly makes one wonder.
either overgrown with weeds, or cliff, as long as there is a place, a strong will to live with.
Whether it's on LinkedIn, Facebook or any other networking site, it's much more of a quality game than a quantity game.
Whether it is in anewspaper or on TV, we wait until our target audience is doing something theyenjoy, then we leap out.
Whether on "Gossip Girl" or on the red carpet, Lively is always sporting fresh designer looks.
Whether sweatshop workers in Dhaka, bar girls in Bangkok, office workers in Shanghai, students in Delhi or maids in Caracas, there are more young women than men in almost every city in the world.
Polar mesospheric clouds can be observed from both the Earth’s surface and in orbit by astronauts aboard the International Space Station (ISS).
The lifting of harsh emergency laws—both at the state level and under a centrally imposed armed forces act—is long overdue.
Whether rustic or modern, some facilities are staffed by an attendant who takes money at the entrance.
And wherever we find them, they reflect the magic of water: a spider web drooping with dew like a rhinestone necklace. A rain-colored heron rising from the creek bank.
No matter who you talk to in Europe or in China, the best anyone can say about the reinstated summit is that it will happen – hopefully.
The experimental sensor tracks movements on anything from a human arm to a wall and makes it into a mobile computer.
These organisms vary little in type whether in the Scottish Highlands or the tropics.
Next to arms, eloquence offers the great avenue to popular favor, whether it be in civilized or savage life.
Regardless of the good times are in the dead of night, or in serious difficulties in the face of adversity, it often think of me.
The American flag, on the moon or anywhere else, is worthless except as a symbol, a symbol of men achieving their ends by voluntary association, cooperating through mutual exchange in a free society.
No matter it is to conduct a symphony or to peel an orange.
No matter plant grow seedlings train, koi fish pool, raise shrimp compound pool to be the same.
Whether it be straight, wavy, curly or frizzy , a hair is always a hair.
Whether arising prior to or medieval freshmen, have shown Middle Chinese disyllabic adverb characteristics.
Both Chinese and Brazilian animation 'can benefit from the right amount of interaction and collaboration, ' Mr. Porto said.
whether they be bishops, priests, presbyters , ministers, or however else dignified or distinguished.
Neither the cocky Mr Ahmadinejad nor his country's system of government is secure.
With gritty determination and good humor, she served the crown and the country as a Duchess , royal consort and Queen mother.
Allowing for the disparity of means, this tells me that, like the best and brightest in Washington, he wasn't very good at what he did.
This gender difference was evident regardless of whether the operation was elective, urgent or emergency.
In either case, WASP-18b appears doomed to die within half a million years.
Regardless of the growing number of data sources and service APIs, consumers still expect highly responsive applications.
When any one spoke to him he invariably laughed in an agreeable, colorless way.
Whoever else was still in bed, I knew Auntie Sylvia would have been up since seven o'clock.
Whoever succeeds Mr Fukuda (Taro Aso, who thought a year ago he should precede him, is the favourite) will face the same seemingly insuperable obstacles.
Whosoever enters through the portals of this home must go out with gladsome heart.
"Whoever leads the next government, it is going to be hard to ensure stability. Some rifts take time to heal. "
Regardless of who the protagonist is, remember that delivery is everything when it comes to telling a good tale. Be animated .
No matter who takes up the matter for me, I shall be very grateful .
Whoever wins will have to amend the constitution that makes decisions in Ukraine so hard to reach.
Whoever wins, America's foreign policy will continue to be bedevilled by three problems that Mr Bush has had to contend with.
Whoever does work on it, that person is cut off from among his kin.
Aulon: Whatever, but since he's not going to come down and do it himself - I mean - at least let someone cut it properly!
back tears, Scarlett thrilled to the never-failing magic of her mother’s touch, to the faint fragrance of lemon verbena sachet that came from her rustling silk dress.
However tasty and nutritious the yogurt they eat, the poor will not consume their way out of poverty.
Regardless of all the hype on McCartney's musical prowess, he didn't have the heart and emotion as an instrumentalist that George conveyed.
Despite the fact that all these items are now missing, this example performs exactly the same as the first one.
Whatever his intentions, all Krugman does is underscore his own lack of understanding of economic theory.
Whatever answer he mumbled, I knew the truth: he had succumbed to the lure irresistible to most reporters, to put himself where the action was.
As the fortunes of his various potential challengers have waxed and waned, Mr Romney has maintained a statesmanlike indifference.
"No matter how white his skin was, underneath he was still just as black as the day he was born, " wrote the blogger.
Maul used the sleek ship to silently travel wherever his master, Darth Sidious, ordered.
But notwithstanding this request, notwithstanding the Tone of anguish in which it was uttered, the door remained closed.
Whatever his real motive was, the senseless killing, reported widely by the Chinese media, shocked the nation.
Whatever zeal he had for the revolution was extinguished by the 23 years he spent in a labor camp — punishment, he said, for insulting the relative of a party official when he was a college student.
No matter how hard he studies, he never seems to be able to pass the exam.
No matter how much he loved all kinds of animals, he loved dogs the best.
No matter how much he wanted to escape the world he was born into. . . the world of the gods, he never could.
Whatever he is called, he is still the same short, fat, jolly old man with a long beard, wearing a red suit with white fur.
Everyone is judgmental to some extent, no matter how much they'll deny it.
For all intents and purposes, Rivers had suffered digital death, a near-fatal disease in our increasingly interconnected world.
Regardless of who their opponent was, the participants exhibited activity in the regions of their brains associated with representing other people's minds.
Whichever their views, when campaigning for "open source" they did not cite or advocate those values.
and it was impossible, however ill-tempered they might be, that the universal scowl they wore was their every-day countenance.
Most bloggers would love to get more traffic with social media, regardless of how much they're getting now.
No matter how good their Hindi gets or what religious vows they take they will always be aliens from outer non-India.
Whatever their attitude toward Slim, Mexicans have learned to live under the tycoon's long shadow.
It seems that no matter how suspicious or slighted spouses are, they'd rather see their partner pay out of their pocket than end up in jail.
And whatever their dreams – making a new life in the West or waiting out the worst until Iraq becomes livable again – Iraqi refugees generally land first on Jordan's doorstep.
Whether they boo or not, I got to go out there and play hard and run the court.
Whether they’re in a remote place like Fuling or a metropolis like Beijing, the addition of other foreigners dashes this dream, so we want them out.
At the least, Menzies' work will prompt new research of his findings, whether they're corroborated or debunked.
And talking for hours creates and reinforces connections with both brothers and sisters, regardless of what they talk about.
Their heart rates stubbornly stayed the same, already quite high, whether they listened to music or not.
The dark hats are witnessing your awakening no matter what their next plan is.
So wherever they require the support of the military, say by fire or physical engagement, the military responds to that, " he said. "
No matter how insidious and crafty they are, they will end up being utterly crushed to powder.
No matter how much he warned or begged, Aunty Misery would not allow the tree to let Death go.
Whether he chooses or not, every man is drawn into the great historical struggle, the decisive battle into which our epoch has plunged us.
Whether or not he committed a crime, he acted so recklessly that it beggars belief.
Whether he realizes it or not, that kind of hard-nosed, chip-toothed frugality is exactly what is called for in these economically tossed times.
No matter what he said, the world will see him as the Chinese governments official position, to analyze word for word interpretation.
Whether or not he meant it to be, white hats for men were soon in vogue in Paris.
Whether he likes chicken enchiladas or tripe stew, look up a recipe online and give it a whirl.
Whatever he professed was said in such a profound manner that we were all immediately propelled to be more productive.
He was as comfortable in the world of arcane mathematics as he was studying political and economic institutions.
Whatever his talents may be, if the man creates not, the pure efflux of the Deity is not his; cinders and smoke, there may be, but not yet flame.
Tracy: No matter what conflicts Li had with his family, the two little boys were innocent. He's so cold-blooded!
Whether he wants to or not, Obama has come to personify this more globalized, multicultural--yes, cosmopolitan--America.
Regardless of whether it succeeds at the box office, we’re anticipating that "Australia" will act as a catalyst, motivating people to travel here and experience it for themselves.
No matter what misfortune befell him, he always squared his shoulders and said, " Never mind. I will work harder" .
Though he works hard , he never seems able to do the work satisfactorily .
Wherever he went, at every stall he stopped he was closely followed by a devoted smiling woman of indescribable ugliness.
Despite what he says, you know he is not glad to be there with you.
Whether she’s a HOPA or not, in the workplace you have to remain professional.
Whether her style is glamorous belle or au naturelle, every woman should be allowed to be herself.
I really like this lady, whoever she is, after all these years of spending so much time with her and exploring her life.
No matter how she was hysterical, unreasonable, moody, you must be inclusive, she coaxed her.
Whatever its origins, "OK" has become one of the most ubiquitous terms in the world, and certainly one of America's greatest lingual exports.
Despite its brevity, there's a lot going on in Listing 5-35. Let's start with the first line in the view.
However good a university 's teaching may be, a lowly ranking carries a stigma, at least in some eyes.
Whatever it was, the fireball on Sunday caused great consternation and wonder across Central Texas.
"Stentor or centaur, 'tis no matter, " answered Gerald, unruffled by his error.
The commission is not legally entitled to be a bully, no matter how big the guy it picks on.
Wherever it went, it would left behind (it) a trail of dead dear and small animals like rabbits.
The work at the weather observation stations goes on regularly without any interruption, in spite of any weather conditions.
No matter how bad the weather is, the children will play football on the playground, notwithstanding.
No matter natural treatment still is medicaments therapeutics, I still want to save my memory, although it is painful.
However unpleasant it may sound, the patch is still worthwhile if it helps you stop smoking.
Either way, "you've got to really want to go" into space, said spaceflight consultant Lurio.
Belief in Jesus Christ offers freedom no matter how oppressive the govt you live under.
No matter how the reckoning goes, TIME's investigation reveals at least four places where the system broke down.
However outwardly silent, the mind is in operation all the time, isn't it?
Whether or not Wilde saw himself as part of a cause, he did not lack courage.
He would not stop his ship for any one, nor could he part with a single hand, whoever swung for it.
Any attempt to block the sharing of information, no matter why, leads to the same methods and the same harshness .
Whatever undreamed -of therapies the future might bring, patients can only benefit from better knowledge of how the brain really works.
No matter what's going on next, I just want to live in a world without peeper.
Regardless of whether the hot spot is in a stretch zone or a subduction zone, a rupture allowing magma to escape could occur.
The icon is always positioned to the left side of the panel's text regardless of how the text is aligned.
No matter how much I may feel for you, how much I may feel on my own account, I can't leave Rome in the midst of a vital congress.
No matter what I did to the money, you still wanted it because it did not go down in value.
No matter how much I love them, all translators must be closely watched.
No matter how much I eagerly looked up, tears or blurred eyes. No matter how much I strong turned, the next second or cry out sound.
No matter how sick I felt, I always found a sense of tranquility during my Wyoming visits.
No matter how much I try, my hair always looks like a bird's nest.
No matter how many times I date Mary, she refuses to let me have any more than an Eskimo kiss.
Whether we like to admit it or not, those of us who subscribe to the theory of evolution do so by faith.
Whatever collective disgust we have for the sound of Bing Crosby in October, it is clearly not enough to dissuade them
Our goal is perfection in whatever we do on behalf of other civilizations, and our plans are accordingly carried out with it in mind.
No matter whether we perfect solution, check fingers, that is no longer good scorer.
No matter how old we grow, we always have the option of getting little enough to be joyful.
Nature can produce children enough to make good any extremity of slaughter of which we are capable.
Anyway, so, whatever the reason might be typically it would be to simplify the integrant or the bounds.
Whatever we may think of the wisdom of his plans, no one can deny that they are bold and imaginative.
No matter how much we like honey, or how much we have read about the uncanny sense of direction which bees possess.
No matter how much we like honey, or how much we have read about the uncanny sense of direction which bees possess, we have a horror of being stung.
Whatever our personal attitudes to sex, we have to look at what works – and what is not working now.
Whether we have a month left, a year, or 80 it is but a blink of an eye.
That gastric chemical soup will be an almost identical mixture of sugars, fats, proteins and fragments of assorted genes whether the milk we drank was conventional or GM.
No matter how bizarre or embarrassed or pathetic we feel about our own situation, there will be others out there experiencing the same emotions.
Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same, and Linton's is as different as a moonbeam from lightning, or frost from fire.
Whether we are playing Chelsea, Man United or Reading - whoever it may be, it is all the same to me.
As much as we shampoo it, style it, cut it, and fret over it, hair continues to be a mystery to us.
Ideas do not reach perfection in a day, no matter how much study is put upon them.
No one else , no matter how much we talk or cry , can pull us through the anxious tours of soul repair and growth .
Regardless of where we are and what we are doing, we want access to our data.
Whether we call it gut feelings, a 'sixth sense,' or something else, we have all experienced intuition at one time or another.
Whether we are on the verge of an "Asian Century" or not, one thing is clear: there has already been a dramatic shift in the geographic centre of the global economy.
Whether or not we express our divinity , the fact remains that we are divine.
heterogeneity will always exist whether or not we happen to be able to detect it using a statistical test.
Whether we like it or not, what we wear helps form a first impression.
Whether or not you like this president, the headline should make every American wince.
There is a child inside all of us, whether we realize it or not. And sometimes we return to that child like state.
Whether we know it or not, whether we even suspect it or not, abundance is our birthright.
Whether we like a particular piece of news or not, all we have to do is to sit in front of the tube and let it happen.
Whether we like it or not, days bleed into one another and weeks slip by quickly.
Wether we like it or not, all of our fortunes are tied together. We are truly interdependent.
All of us are going to be creators and pioneers over the next 10 years whether we like it or not, and many of us don't like it.
No matter how much we try, we can never get back the head start that we missed.
It doesn't matter where we are, who we're with and even if we just made pee pee, Lily is always grabbing her crotch.
No matter how hard we try. can not escape the fact that this ruthless: the danger will not disappear.
No matter how much we argue against it or pretend to be immune, but beauty exerts its power over us. Surely there is simply no escape.
The nationality, country or cause we were fighting for never interferes with the loving care and nourishment necessary to sustain us.
Whatever we do, we need the infrastructure in place to be able to utilize those vehicles, charge them up in a timely manner.
"No matter how good a V. C. I could be, " he said, "I could never be smarter than the wisdom of a collective community. "
Wether I'm happy or sad, you never know, it's just me lying to myself.
No matter how deep my sleep I shall hear you, and not all the power of death can keep my spirit from wagging a grateful tail.
But I will surely go there because I do not know whether I wil have chances to see him in the future.
No matter how much concern and counselling I showed to these students, I was unable to establish a fruitful experience.
No matter how many Taekwondo medals I had won, could I ever be considered truly athletic in a wiry, five foot five frame?
No matter how mildly I mentioned it to her, she would be deeply hurt.
No matter how much I am bad. In this world. only one me.
No matter how deep my karma, no matter how much I ignorance, whatever I do many stupid stupid, Bodhisattva has not put me.
Whichever club I've been at there have always been other sides sniffing around and that's put added pressure on me.
No matter how I phrased it in my head, it always sounded like a bad pun, a sad joke.
No matter what I did to the bill, you still wanted it because it did not lose its value.
Whatever else I may have thought of my fellow prisoners' colorful narratives, they were not documents of totalitarian nihilization.
No matter how hard I try to be the best, you may not like me a bit. No matter what others may think, I will always be persistent.
No matter how I spoke to him, gently or firmly, he wouldn't say a word. He'd just stare at me with those big gray eyes of his.
He's so adamant that however hard I tried to persuade him to join us he did not change his mind.
No matter how hard I pulled on her rope, the old cow refused to budge. She just stood there calmly gazing at me and chewing he cud .
No matter how much money I make, she never lets me buy more than new two shirts a year.
People stared at me wherever I went on campus, and I was asked to give inspirational talks to teenagers.
Whatever my wrong doings, for the sake of my family, please leave my wife and kids alone.
Acidosis can occur irrespective of the amount of oxygen in the air being breathed.
Like it or not, the aging, the less beautiful the overweight or unfit are all discriminated against.
Like it or not, we are all hooked on the attractive prices of these imports, driven in part by the phenomenon of emerging markets.
all day long up to heR waist in a tub, in rain, in snow, when the wind cuts your face.
No matter how frenetic and energy-filled the scene is, there still needs to be a moment among the frenzy.
And the large districts have been having fiscal problems for longer than the current statewide problems.
No matter how done you think you are, one day something might happen that makes you prove yourself to be just as good as you always were.
Regardless of your age, you'll feel like a teenager when all of those planets enter Aries this May.
However complex the workings of the Hong Kong economy, the mainspring that drives the mechanism is simple enough.
Try as I would, I cannot prevail upon him to follow my advice.
No matter how grizzled or sceptical the news editor, a story is sometimes too good to resist.
The new government, whatever its faults, would not assault our interests in every international forum as its predecessor had done.
Despite your signal's "digital" significance, remember that interface behaviors are analog and multi parametric.
You do not receive alerts about any security issues, regardless of any security settings in the Trust Center.
It doesn't matter what that letter says-- I can crumple it up and throw it in the wastebasket.
The diagnostic accuracy was virtually identical in baseline and serial samples, regardless of the time of chest-pain onset.
Whichever resource you choose, consistently applying stylistic rules will help in the long-term maintenance of build files.
Whatever pressures, academic or professional, students should not be allowed to cheat on exams.
Regardless of the size of the middle-class, or even their wallets, discretionary spending will remain a fraction of markets like the US.
Whether inflammation is red, hot and relieved by a cold compress, or if it is white and hard, this ointment will help ease the pain.
No matter the result of the verification, continuing under potentially unsafe security parameters is entirely up to the developer.
Whether or CCTV Daily, in the final analysis, the party's mouthpiece and propaganda tool.
Regardless of the antioxidant debate, they claim the nutrients in many pills are in a form that cannot be easily or naturally absorbed.
The more you put into a class, any class, the more you'll get out of it.
Whether my back ache was true or false, these holes might be a reason to see a doctor.
Whether a change stays with you forever or not, making a change has value, in the momentary joy you get from doing it, and in what you learn from it.
No matter how attractive a woman may appear to be to others, when she looks at herself in the mirror, she thinks: woof.
No man, however dark his spirit, however cramped his senses, is quite without the yearning after wider horizons and a purer air.
Whatever one takes away from Virgin Mother Goddesses of Antiquity by Dr. Marguerite Rigoglioso, the book certainly is a tour de force.
No matter how hot a business opportunity may be, if it exceeds your startup and seed money, it's not a great business for you.
And no matter how much total capital a bank, or any firm, has, if it's stock goes to zero, it can't really operate.
No matter how much money you raise at the outset, remember to bank some for a rainy day.
No matter how fair an employer tries to be, they don't have the same vested interest as you in personal career progression.
You do not need to be alarmed regardless of how severe some of the changes are, as what is needed to bring them to fruition already exists.
No matter how much doctors and counsellors explain, men continue to be extremely sensitive about the size of their organ.
No matter later will be what kind, I will forever like you being invariable .
By any historical standard, the recent epoch of Western domination, especially under American leadership, has been remarkably benign.
Whether that means sitting by the fire, snuggling up with a loved one or pet, piling on the blankets, or having a warm drink, keep yourself warm.
This is often the case when, no matter how many individual concerns raised are neatly addressed, more concerns continue to surface.
Italians are bemused at the speed and nature of the "takeover" , however much they delight in the fall of Silvio Berlusconi.
Whatever Westminster sophisticates murmur, the politics of this crisis are moving into new territory.
Dopamine is responsible for the euphoria that addicts chase, whether they get it from methamphetamine, alcohol, or Internet gambling.
And no matter which tillage or crop rotation system was used, nitrous oxide emissions peaked during spring thaws when the sun’s rays began to warm the soil.
No matter how the user styles that section, you work with the organization of the page itself.
Either action can be re-kill to kill the ball, light to kill, to kill a long, deep to kill, straight smash, smash slash.
No matter what kind of cleaning agent, after use must use clean water rinse water machine, until the disinfectant residues are washed.
Such a device would dramatically trim the weight and dimensions of whatever it powered.
However huge it is, that emotion stays unspecified: the content of Spoon's songs is often harder to call.
Edward Heath's decision in 1972 to float sterling, however reluctantly he made it, should have changed all that.
No matter how much industry hype might be pushing it, if a technology has serious technical shortcomings, it will eventually be abandoned.
No matter how much customer care training we conduct, some customers will dislike our service.
No matter how many guests were present, the great house was always immaculate.
Regardless of difficulties , we firmly believe that , as students , we must study independently , actively and purposely.
no matter how much misunderstanding and pain had passed between you by then.
And no matter how much the account grows or shrinks you will keep trading this position size.
How many men, married or not, fantasize in the privacy of their dreams about other men?
ith or without Jobs, Apple is, for the foreseeable future, going to coin simply astonishing amounts of money.
Whether or not I got rid of it, it barely makes a bit of difference to me now.
With the saying or without the saying that China provides the rationale, the U. S. -Japan strategic alliance is partly directed at China.
Spacings shall be measured with all fittings installed as intended, whether or not they are furnished with the luminaire.
Meditate for at least eight hours each day, regardless of the discomfort. Do not let anyone or anything discourage you from continuing your studies here.
Whether nerve root signs are present or not, the main differential concern with back pain is spinal tumor.
No matter how deep the enmity is and how fierce the revenge is, it is ignominious to hurt the innocents .
Whatever he may plan or hope , Man does not live for an instant Without enduring the warning Of the unbearable Viper .
No matter what passes I must gut the dolphin so he does not spoil and eat some of him to be strong.
This technology can be used to heighten, no matter what the intended emotional effect.
Whatever the causes, "a college degree is not the kind of protection against job loss or wage loss that it used to be. "
Whatever the causes, the Lakers transformed what should have been a tasty win into a bittersweet one.
No matter what the cause, it still does not justify one to abandon the pursuit of a God that never changes.
But either way, I stood up for myself, and I earned the admiration of other students.
Whether we're kept awake by our partner's snoring or we stay up too late watching TV, we wake up tired, groggy, and cranky.
No matter how much help the source control tool provides, it is not as smart as you are.
Willingly or unwillingly, US debt levels will decline over the next several years.
Willing or not, people must first encounter culture shock when they migrate from a familiar cultural background to a strange one.
I somehow got a driving licence, but have hardly ever dared use it, and so I'm a non-driver.
A common condition, natural, even inevitable that all children, even the most open and talkative experience this growth phase.
No matter how outrageous on the surface, everything the victim tells you is golden.
In both Germany and the United States defendants with psychopathic disordersare not involuntarily committed for treatment.
Our task, in any given case, is to determine the angle of refraction.
Roger Stone carried a practical talisman with him on land and at sea—a small, yellow marine GPS unit.
and that wherever there has been an implosion or nuclear incident, there is scarring in their hologram as well.
In any case, you should prefer simple eviction strategies, like time-to-live, whenever possible.
In either case it is persuasive because there is somebody whom it persuades.
Religion in Nicaragua, Central America, many places, is used as an instrument of war.
One of the big risks for any construction on peat bogs is that the disrupted drainage will cause whole hillsides of waterlogged or dried out peat to slide and eventually oxidise.
No matter how much of a monster he was before you met him, he just needs the love a good woman to turn him into Prince Charming.
In either case, though, the insistence that we be in the right place at the right time puts a very stringent constraint on our possible future actions.
Under no circumstances should glass cleaners like Windex be used, or anything abrasive, as you could damage the display permanently.
No matter how close they had been there for us when we're alive, the furthest they can stay by us is up to the grave.
Today is prank day on and offline, and Google is joining with several hoaxes.
Whatever you think of Kazan politically, it has nothing to do with the fact that the guy was a great director.
No matter what misfortune befell him, he always squared his shoulder and said: " Never mind, I will work harder. "
The good walk on, whatever befall. They do not prattle or long for pleasure. Whenever touched by happiness or sorrow, they appear neither elated nor depressed.
In spite of the attack on Stalin's personal decision, the dictator listened as Vodopyanov concluded with a request for navigational beacons.
No amount of redirection or marker training is going to change my dogs desire to chasing squirrels.
The first visit to China by an American president was notable, above all, for its symbolism.
No matter how the caltrop tire spike was tossed on a roadway or airport runway, it would land with a tire-puncturing prong facing upward.
BMW has at least been making an effort to burnish its environmental credentials.
After all, eighty was a special birthday, another decade lived or endured just as you chose to look at it.
Anyway, regardless of the resolution, we are all making a commitment toward betterment .
Anyway, instead of praising Scrooge for his principled stand against the welfare state, Charles Dickens makes him out to be some kind of bad guy.
Anyway, instead of praising Scrooge for his principled stand against the welfare state, Charles Dickens makes him out to be some kind of bad guy. How leftist is that?
Who else but a bookworm, with none of the normal kid's tendency to play rather than study, would grow up to be a teacher anyway?
For better or for worse, most Chinese people have very little knowledge of Christianity, Islam, or Judaism before they came to the States.
Bob: Anyway, Dennis Hopper's character is somewhat complex and his performance is excellent.
Yet arguably the German economy is on a sounder footing than at any time since reunification (see article).
No matter how it is say, the wastes doesn't eject of words, body function is anyway also can't normal.
At one time, however, the tribe was one of the three largest in the world, roaming across vast stretches of primal wilderness.
It's not that the Web is perfect, by any means, but as an engine of innovation and democratization, its supremacy has been undeniable.
No matter how it sounds, the chemists aren’t the bad guys: Unlike Lord Farquaad in Shrek, who cut off the gingerbread man’s legs to keep him from running away, the scientists weren’t being naughty.
However, at the very least, chicken soup with vegetables contains lots of healthy nutrients, increases hydration and tastes good, too.
Anyway the trick (which I routinely fail to pull off) is to teleport yourself into that productive trance-state as quickly as possible, thereby minimising procrastination and maximising output.
Either way, it would be wrong to call this campaign a military triumph.
Anyway, after about an hour of sermon she told me she would try to stop.
At any rate, Mrs. Wright treated Sam with hostility; he soon stormed off in a fit of his famous temper.
Anyhow, each time she came back from the restroom and sat down next to me, I did feel some pride.
Anyway, the US Geological Survey recently did an analysis of potential temperatures around the country by the end of this century.
Regardless, it is known that such sperm whales feed on deepwater squid that may be impacted by plumes of dispersed oil .
When all is said and done, you must give the man credit for making a song about pedophiles infinitely catchy and hummable.
The Normans were not really French anyway, they were Viking invaders - Norman = Norseman.
In any event, at least we are talking about how much of my article appears in yours.
At any rate, the era of leaving the front door on the latch is over.
Anyway, all par for the course when you own a house, I guess. I think I am going to hire an interior decorator to look the place over.
However, it would be useful to test stellar theory by actually seeing what a doomed star looked like before it blew apart.
At any rate she induced father to give up his place as a farm-hand, sell his horse and embark on an independent enterprise of his own.
In any case, genre is just a flavouring. It's not the whole meal.
Any road, he's a dreamboat - just look at his appearance in Dr Parnassus.
No matter how it is say, he took bore to celebrate a flask of many advantages and sold again now he, always say not past.
There's a good chance they'll share it with you anyway, but even if they don't they'll appreciate your selflessness.
She was that sort of person, anyway; what you said amounted to nothing.
"It was, at any rate, in better taste not to go to the ball, " Mrs. Archer continued.
At any given point it is not clear whether the bank is monitoring inflation, exchange rates, financial stability or some other metric.
Anyway, I'll leave product description to you and you'd better take a good look at it when you are free.
In any case, I have not charged Dr. Fang with scientific fraud; I have charged him with plagiarism and copyright infringement.
'Well, I shan't go, at any rate, ' said Alice: 'besides, that's not a regular rule: you invented it just now. '
"At any rate, I've never a hint of a second chin yet, " said Anne gaily. "And my old room remembers me, Mrs. Lynde.
And say what I could, I was incapable of making her comprehend it to be her own; so I rose and covered it with a shawl.
But I still love riding around London, whatever the occasional behaviour of drivers and, of course, some of my fellow cyclists.
In any case, I smiled. In that instant, it was as though a spark jump across the gap between our two hearts.
However, at the moment I repeat, Criscito is a Genoa player who Juventus part-own and he is happy in Liguria.
No matter what, I really extremely was sorry, later I will not be ableto disturb you again. Wishes you to be happy. Goodbye.
Anyway, the point is, how can I make her see that I'm a lesbian?
And anyway, Yao is a pretty insightful guy himself, doubly perceptive about China's second-most-famous basketball player.
"Well, it would be unbearable to put messy lives into messy prose. "
In the end, coming to a solution together will make you feel better than unleashing hurtful words.
In any case, Israel's West Bank settlements get enough water to fill their swimmingpools, water their lawns, and irrigate miles of fields and greenhouses.
Anyway, at some point while reworking the image with the airbrush and smudge tool I reached the following stage.
After all, this is a Home I've found, and there's a meal waiting for me every day. And Serge is a brick, there's no doubt about that.
In any case, the simile was apt: On that ill-fated sinking ship, many more first-class passengers survived than second-class or steerage.
In any case, it tops sleeping in a hole in the cold ground, a moldy rabbit skin for your pillow, and the grunts and sighs of a dozen changelings anxious in their dreams.
However it is put, the existence of these reports forces enterprises to publish communications, thus increasing transparency.
In any case, this particular English public school boy grew up with what you might call a touch deficit, or a tactile awkwardness.
The weekend, however, is all about romance, especially if you get creative between the sheets!
Anyway, to focus on America and China is to misunderstand the nature of the problem.
And anyway, China was constantly crossing the border in moves that reminded India uncomfortably of its humiliating defeat in a 1962 border war.
Anyway, whether they like it or not, they do give people a very good impression.
Chow, Koontz and Kramlich are not the only US VC's headed to China by any stretch of the imagination.
Either way, the country's clout in international affairs is now an acknowledged fact.
Many people are complaining that a large number of advertising message turn out to be very alluring.
Be that as it may, even if one accepts the IMF's argument, it only puts off the day of reckoning but doesn't prevent it.
Anyway, it deserves to be registered to be able to drink such a cultural wine.
MM: It matters not. Your guilt or innocence, in the absence of an Evil alignment, is not for me to determine.
Anyway, do let me know if you can make it. My new number's at the top of the page, so you can give me a call sometime.
However, it's over, and I'll take no revenge on his folly; I can afford to suffer anything hereafter!
Anyway, it's time for me to find this Bertha character and get rid of the Opal once and for all. I hope Perry was right about her.
Try him, anyhow. Pitch it fairly warm, you know. Only cat you ever loved, and that sort of thing.
Nonetheless, she said she did not think the solution was an all-woman party.
Somehow she would have to learn to live in a world drastically different from her pampered one.
It has nevertheless been a massive task, and we have consistently had to re-align our plans to suit the changing conditions upon Earth.
However much I would like to, I can't go back to all that self-delusion and self-stimulation.
" Anyway" he said, " I would not be seen dead in a straw hat! "
Every now it is alright to call with 78s if the raiser is a bad player (as in he has 40+ voip and is spewy).
Anyway, what I am trying to do is to make great contributions to agriculture.
In any case, like a person will not be changed , although not every day, but each time the school or to be able to look forward to see you.
Rachel: Anyway, um, I guess this belongs to you. And thank you for giving it to me.
Since it was better than death, however, he accepted the monarch's proposition to have an answer by year's end.
As it currently stands, the Portuguese boss will probably be delighted to take back-to-back championships any way they come.
We are under pressure to finish this off, so we've got no choice at this point. We've got to make it no matter what.
"Either way you slice it, the Canadian economy is beginning to feel the weakness of the global economic slowdown, " he said.
In all cases, they are a kind of pulp fiction; despite their claim of realism, they are actually about fantasy, as their readers are attempting to understand their reality while trying to escape it.
However, 20% of children at this age experience problems sleeping, and we already know that inadequate sleep has a significant impact on attention, memory, behaviour, and school performance.
Thirty-five years of improvements have, however, made wind, solar power and high-tech batteries attractive.
However, Air Angels CEO Jim Adams told reporters the helicopter's crew included the pilot, nurse and a paramedic employed by the company.
In any case, Mr Livingston, an avowed cost-cutter, says the "heart attack" approach to job cuts is often counterproductive.
Anyway, Solbi still send messages asking me about my new album and I reply and tell her to work hard.
Anyway, i'll face up to it peacefully, one must adopt to the world like i finally adopt to you.
In any case, the Obama administration has so far not changed the Bush administration's policies toward Bolivia.
Anyway, Bayern Munich are very strong, they have won the German league quite a few times and are a tricky opponent.
Either way, George Osborne, the chancellor in the Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition, this week totted up the bills.
At any rate, cease making out with him and let us leave, forthwith.
In any case, Bosnians might be forgiven for thinking that the EU will bend to their will, not the other way around.
Anyway, without further ado, let's look into how the hello world example application is configured and packaged.
However, the Financial Ombudsman Service will not adjudicate on any cases where litigation has commenced.
Five Arthur's profile, and he saw his terror-stricken eyes bulging out and his go anyway.
Anyhow, the general belief is that angioplasty produces much better results than merely taking medication. This is one reason that my uncle preferred to undergo the procedure.
"To somehow sneak out with the win is a cool feeling, " Woods said.
"When comparing vertebrae to limbs, you have to extrapolate, no matter what, " she said.
In either case, the price is far below the peak of $200 a metric tonthat iron ore fetched earlier last year on the spot market.
Anyway, once we made it there, then it's a game park, as I said -- an extinct game park.
Beware, however, you cannot eat these sets because of the excessive amounts of glue and pins needed to put them together.
For now, however, much of China's recent bluster turned out to be self-defeating.
No matter what good, so long as can stop the world-wide scar body, even if will let the tiny soul which will only save be frightened out of one's wits , also did not matter.
Whatever might have caused some muscle strain, it could be the source of your back pain.
In any case, it is always artificial to talk about "reality" in regard to a fictional character.
Right or wrong, fears ebbed that banks would be forced to raise painful amounts of capital and dilute shareholders.
Still, the Ferrari record bodes well for the market for hyper-priced collectible cars.
Still, the Ferrari record bodes well for the market for hyper-priced collectible cars.
Anyhow, Friedman was defending individual freedom and, to me, it was the first step in my intellectual journey away from the mainstream.
Anyhow, when my father came, we would be content with wandering round about his entourage and in the company of his servants.
Dressing Empire in seductive colors and calling it Commonwealth cannot alter the facts.
anyway , drop me a message to let me know your thoughts . . . you know i always like to hear what you think.
In any case, the public is surely mature enough to decide whether or not Mrs Howe is anywhere near the truth.
There are ways to work around it however, including mail order, urban grocery delivery and splitting large orders with a neighbor.
Anyway, there are also a few more minor characters which pop up to annoy the viewer.
Nevertheless, a porcupine is a juicy delicacy. And these curious cubs look for a way to get a paw under it, flip it, and attack.
Anyway, he was soon able to find another job, at a stylish new seafood restaurant downtown.
Yet in the red narrative soldiers are the bad guys for using live rounds on unarmed protesters.
In any case, two clear mistakes that condemn the EU to a bleak future would be avoided.
Anyway, since I love the cricket industry, and choose it as my second career, I will certainly take advantage of it.
Anyway, the best way to assuage regional concerns is to construct cooperative agreements and structures between Japan and its neighbors.
event I'm going to the disco tonight whether you want to come with me or not.
And, in any case, even though things have gone with you tolerably well, the longer you live the more clearly you will feel that, on the whole, life is a disappointment, nay, a cheat.
The White House would not be proposing a tax increase next year if the Bush cuts were not due to expire anyway.
In any case, as I said at the outset, a full discussion of memory allocation is beyond the scope of one column.
Either way, you shouldn't be surprised to see the United States heading toward this new legal frontier.
At any rate, land on the hot-cold border should be habitable enough for humans to make a go of it.
"That area has no hurricane history whatsoever, " Masters said. "They're not used to having to evacuate from hurricanes. "
Nevertheless, getting both cars in the points is a strong showing from us, even if we could have been looking for a few more points today.
At any rate, "Brother Ling, " since you are interested in my Jeet Kune Do, I shall venture to tell you about it.
Either way there is no doubt that her remarkable synthesis of western occultism and eastern traditions became a foundation for the New Age.
he is , after all , not a monster or a ' beast - god ' , as edgar wallace called him , but a toy , a playmate.
However, each of these valves, upon reception, is tested as "build" dissembled and reassembled with a unique procedure and retested.
Nevertheless, none of the AIA forms attempt to require the contractor to indemnify the Architect from his own negligence.
The Fed did not, in any event, employ aircraft in its open market operations.
Regardless, that annoying buzzer on the alarm clock is enough to make anyone grumpy in the morning.
Regardless, that small group of people spotted the changing dynamics in music and took action, because if the Pistols could do it, so could they.
Anyway, to be connected with such a big club (Liverpool) flatters me. Who would not be tempted to play in the Premier League?
Some people don't. Either way, hearing your voice can be soothing to the little peanut.
Either way, you learn about what other people like in a language, how deeply they feel so, and perhaps even a little about why they feel so.
Anyway, do you dare to “wear” like them and walking on the street?
And you probably identify more with your mind (your collective cellular intelligence) as opposed to your physical body anyway.
However, you can move one of your links back to the top by going to the campaign links section from the campaign edit page.
Regardless of what you work on, do you think there's a market saturation of the type of game that you broke out with, in Call of Duty?
Anyhow, some of you might remember the post i did a few weeks ago, this is basically a follow up to that post.
In any case, your wish to go out for a walk does not justify your leaving the baby alone in the house.
Either way, you now have an XHTML page with clearly identifiable sections, as well as hidden text that's marked up and easy to locate.
Try as he might , Tom could not get out of the difficulty .
Anyhow, one may wonder why financial institutions have been so short term and were unable to forecast the future.
In any event, impressions on the surface of the moon exist and remain, unless someone alters or destroys them.
Regardless, if you build an OCAP application, it should run on any OCAP platform, either a real set-top box or a simulator like the OCAP RI.
Either way, get out of the bath once the water is no longer warm and your skin is very raisin-like.
Nevertheless, cloud computing would not have advanced to where it is currently if it weren't for innovation in the spirit of capitalism.
Nevertheless, Mr Sarkozy could expect congratulation on his return to France, with some French media outlets already commending his tactics.
No matter. Ms. Foster has her own shabby-chic retreat. It may not have a bathroom or a kitchen, but it is a dream of Victoriana: stacks of Limoges china with tiny rosebud patterns;
Anyhow, if you have children or you are having a baby soon, do make sure to check with your doctor about vaccinations.
The Quartet (sans trois most of the time ) anyway puts the United Nations in the invidious position of acting as bag-carrier for the US .
In any case, all this talk of rising values and space constraints can be misleading.
anyhow he was blacksmith to the cavalry in egypt for a time ; always was connected with horses , a clever fellow that way.
In any event, once they'd put the fornix to bed, Olry and Haines waited another decade or so before they revisited the sexy third ventricle.
Anyhow, they wrote to confirm in writing what you discussed about the Milton contract.
He was, however, the first one to display his bathroom wares in a showroom, so that when customers needed a new fixture, they would immediately think of his name.
he ' s also . . . he ' s a surly bear
He scoots out of the way anyway, then heaves a sigh as he looks at what's left of his chair.
And anyway, he points out, such questions will be moot for many decades.
at any rate, she had evidently not told him where she was going when she left New York, and her unexplained departure had exasperated him.
All that matters is that she's healthy and that we love her. She's a proud British Nigerian.
Whatever happens, Tyrion and his twin, Teclis, suffer under the curse of their forefather, brought down upon the family when Aenarion drew Khaine's blade to fight the forces of Chaos.
Anyways , to the point. . . To say that Kobe does not deserve the MVP award is just misinformed, biased, and plain wrong.
Anyway, as I said, it's not easy to build windows for Dynamic HTML (DHTML) pages.
Ultimately though, in the interests of their partner and their unborn child, the best option would be to give up completely.
However, for yen interventions to succeed in the longer term, they should be supported by other policies.
Why do I have to do all these extra needless little jobs anyway?
At least one other school, Southwestern University School of Law in Los Angeles, offers a six-semester, two-calendar year J. D. program.
Anyhow, perhaps I will be posting more on incontinence in the next few days.
I ain't going to bed till nine o'clock, anyhow. And when I'm grown up I'm never going to bed.
Anyway, I'm not very fond of London, all the noise and traffic, and I'd made some arrangements for that evening.
I doubt, in any case, that he was alluding to philanthropy's posthumous pardoning power.
Anyway, I looked it up and found material wherein someone actually sent in a very similar question: Will wine make me fat?
Anyhow, the only thing I ever got from him was a birthday card when I was ten.
but I was gratified to find he had not discovered the coral had come off one of my studs.
Nevertheless, we must confess that this religious pursuit of the Life of Reason has been singularly abortive.
We have to be concerned about other people, regardless, " Nelson said. "I don't like seeing anybody treated unfairly.
Regardless, it was clear that we had to do something, in Lloyd Bentsen's words, to lance the boil.
Either way, we'll find out soon: "By the end of the season premiere she has made her decision, " Rhimes says.
But no matter. We had plenty of saucer-shaped buildings and domed cars to tide us over.
However, should we inform them of the assassins, they will panic and hurt one another in a rush to flee the inn.
At any rate, we were climbing at a brisk pace, saying and doing foolish things.
Anyway, we shall do better to bide where we are, and let the soldiers rally us.
Either way, I still like the prospects of the great deals that someone with a globally diversified portfolio can find in China these days.
However, two of my favorite toys in my childhood were an Uighur's drum and a Mongolian's knife.
Anyway, as most of you know, I've been going through a lot lately.
However, I would like to be sure of your willingness, trustworthiness and commitment to execute this transaction with me.
Anyway, I wanted to show you a little bit about the world of toy design, at least from my small aperture of the world.
In any event, I know that all of the work I have done subsequently came out of a Heart that I alone did not discover.
In any event, there are geopolitical bargains and lucrative trade deals to be struck with repressive regimes.
Nevertheless, Yao will miss next season and Houston officials operate with private doubts he'll ever be a sturdy player again.
A confident attempt to call a bottom to the market requires, in any event, a belief that the economy will be rebounding soon.
Anyway, once I became conscious of the fact that I was getting no work done, I walked back home and sat down at my computer desk.
However, a study has found that when we smell or hear something during an emotional experience, the odour or sound is woven together with the memory in the same region of the brain.
A few countries, like Sudan, however, have never agreed to the release of any of the I. M. F. annual reports on their economic policies.
In any case, the next time you get a wart, talk to your medical professional about duct tape.
The British taxpayer will be clobbered either way, though the economy should benefit from any improvement in the competitive environment.
However, some actors can astonish us with the deep feelings they can inspire in us for a character they are playing.
Whether or not your Yorkshire puddings rise is the true test of your cooking ability.
Nevertheless, in the short term the revival in corporate profits is adding to the sense of recovery.
However, positive things began to happen to Kristi in her school, and to her schoolmates, too.
Anyhow, by that point the American intellectual community realized that the Peters book was an embarrassment, and it sort of disappeared—nobody talks about it anymore.
However, the cub whoops at this buffalo kill came rapid-fire, with hardlyhalf a second between them, so the cubs were extremely excited.
Anyhow, it's difficult to always avoid conversation landmines so be sensible, watch your steps and try not to open a can of worms.
However, courts have had to struggle to apply these standards satisfactorily in the rulemaking context.
The fact it was operating at all may be a testament of its economic importance.
Nonetheless, it was a pretty believable cover, and while Signs of Water didn't make it very far up the literary chain, Matthiessen did.
Anyway, this got me thinking of whether the particulars of button nomenclature really matter.
However, it is a pattern of sacredness, and change that manifests in a blend of harmony and peace.
Banquo Too cruel anywhere. Macduff, I prithee contradict thyself and say it is not so.
Anyway, the war against this kind of plunder has not waited for the command of these gentlemen.
No matter what, this new contract will let the Iraqi cloth be able to keep Mei Acha relieved the potency to 2013.
And anyway, this dean really had it in for Dennis, and I could never figure out why because Dennis was a fine fellow.
Anyway, the biggest benefit of this class is it being less crowded than hard seat.
In any case, it seems just a matter of time that this ancient and unusual matriarchy will be changing to a more typical patriarchal system.
In any event, the government may have a hard time tracking such loans, which often transpire through a handshake between two individuals.
Either way, the authorities will watch public opinion, if only because protest can become a covert form of opposition.
However, just as an experienced athlete knows when to push through the pain and when to pull back, you’ll need to be very careful how you take this particular piece of advice.
Anyway, to focus on America and China is to misunderstand the nature of the problem.
Anyhow, if we treat our friends sincerely, we are sure to be rewarded.
Nonetheless, once I determined who was responsible for maintaining the NSDAP brand, it was a bit easier to identify the identity manual.
China curtly dismissed the proposal anyway, saying it harked back "to the days of planned economies".
China curtly dismissed the proposal anyway, saying it harked back "to the days of planned economies".
In any event, China has offered no details about its revaluation plans, which could mute even the initial market reaction.
In any case, China treats North Korean defectors with scant sympathy and encourages its citizens to turn them in.
In any event, Mr Bush's influence since Annapolis seems to have been marginal.
No need to be worried Anyway, the price will be eventually paid either by ourselves, or by our descendant.
However, Joorabchian, who represents Manchester United target Carlos Tevez, says his financial dealings are all aboveboard.
Sitting and enjoying the beauty of nature is not so much of an option anyway: everything in the Treasure Valley goes dormant for the winter.
No matter how large the handicap , we never stop to hard to clear up the war armament .
Whether moral crusade or canny campaign move, the decision to ban gambling in Russia and Ukraine is a risky play.
whether or not the tale is entirely true , li hung chang definitely influenced the creation of chop suey.
Whatever the consequence it must be an action that everyone will follow through with. It has to be strictly and consistently enforced.
No matter how slow progress seems to be, it has the potential to speed up dramatically soon.
Whatever the riddle is called, it flies in the face of 3, 000 years of logical philosophy.
No matter where one ends up, in stature, in career, with finances, or with possession, to do this is the true meaning of living.
No matter how the world revolve, I am not one of those muppets who needs other's push to be in motion.
Whatever the figure turns out to be, Hon Hai is a nimble transnational company, able to move production around as circumstances change.
Whether or not the problem occurs depends on the setup of the alarm system. But this is of course not acceptable to you and to us.
In spite of these developments, though, Ajax starlet Klaas Jan Huntelaar remains the more desired option for the Bianconeri.
Whether or not such enlightened statesmanship is forthcoming (presumably not), we are moving into the age of continental superpowers.
However dissimilar these two urges may seem to be, are they not fundamentally similar?
Society tends to look at a woman by the way that she looks, whether that is appropriate or not.
Whether this criticism be wise or foolish, important or insignificant, it is at least natured.
Whether or not the claim is proven, Google has the infrastructure to back it up, in theory at least.
Whether it works or not, it shows how much the nature of modern belligerency is changing.
And even if it does not, a new dynamic in Palestinian politics, generated by the revolution in Egypt, is taking shape.
Whether this means the ex-spies will have new careers in politics or spycraft, Putin seems to have taken a personal interest in making their futures as cozy as possible.
Whether it’s a clever setup with meticulous details, or just a candid snapshot of their pet, these photographs will be sure to make you smile.
whether this is directing one of the Confucius' thought, Brahman thought, Buddha thought, Mohammedan thought;
Despite the dashing gambler's best efforts, he was never able to woo Jade into anything other than a strictly business relationship.
No matter how hard the married man fought temptation, somehow he always ended up between the sheets with her.
However desirable they might be on their merits, they would be an ongoing fiscal burden, regardless of the state of the economy.
Whatever they may be, I fervently beseech the Almighty to avert or mitigate the evils to which they may tend.
Whether or not any geostrategic intrigue is at play, there is no doubt that the growing energy diversification movement in the Middle East will have important ramifications for the region.
No matter how many superficial and ornamental techniques these films employ to suggest a specific locality and moment in time, they seem to exist outside space and time.
Regardless of these personal risks, a professional system builder must strive to be a system "visionary" .
Whatever the merits of these points, they were not what these characters were saying only a few years ago about bankers or wealth creation.
Regardless of this, Part B is in default if Part B does not effect payment by a payment date specified in the invoice.
Without these small tests, whatever they may be, life would be like a smoothly paved, straight flat road to nowhere. It would be safe and comfortable, but dull and utterly pointless.
Regardless of these challenges, each project must still be monitored if it is to be governed effectively.
Whether or not the banks broke securities laws, their ' pious mission statements stress their commitment to the client.
And regardless of whether the information given is ample or not, it appears to one, strangely, as an apparition.
Whatever the prevalence and causes of abuse, some are warning that the scandal will smoulder on unless institutional changes are made.
Whether these recycled spoon creations are tacky or clever is up to you to decide.
Regardless of whether these predictions come true, the fact is his analysis has no deviation.
However logical and valid the arguments may be, they only skim the surface of the issue.
Whatever the merits of the charges, moreover, the governor has failed in general to endear himself to voters.
Whether or not the legislation passes, it's a sign of the emotional turmoil that women like her have wrought in their communities.
"Whatever it means economically, this is socially and politically unsustainable, " he said.
If whoever brought the turtle to the Seven Site didn't bring the legs, how did a phalanx get there?
That one could get him 20 years in jail, regardless of whether the fox admits or denies his responsibility in this particular henhouse.
Whether this is conscious or not, it shows how unscientific the whole procedure can be.
Regardless of how compelling the need or how rewarding the benefits, contact and mutual dependence will breed enmity, not amity.
Whetherthepatronagementalityderives from the monarchy or not is something Thais surely have a right to discuss.
Whether the accusations are true or just the sniping of losers (or both), the prominence with which the press reported them was remarkable.
Whatever the truth, the south is a dangerous mess where the writ of the government in Sana'a now barely runs.
These seem to flourish despite repeated government crackdowns and warnings about Internet-addicted youth and illegal music downloads.
Whatever the right number, no one doubts that there will remain a sizeable fiscal problem, even after the downturn has been reversed.
Whether openness advocates like it or not, this is not the way the rest of the world, with its arcane rules of diplomacy, wants to work.
No matter how strong the evidence supporting it, conservation was viewed as a harebrained fantasy of fuzzy-headed intellectuals.
Explicitly or implicitly, more or less consciously, he asks, "What is the utility to me of adding one more animal to my herd? "
And whether directly or not, all anticancer drugs work to disrupt the mitochondria to push cell death.
No matter of governance will assist as it will not be viewed in the “positive” or value offering capability.
No matter how seductive China may look on a macro basis, on a micro basis it is looking more like a minefield for foreign investors.
Regardless of China's motive, some experts say the detentions are a public relations fiasco .
Whatever outlets Chinese might have on the Chinese Internet, they won't use them as freely out of fear of repression.
Regardless of whether China at some point becomes the "savior" of Europe's troubled economies, the situation in Europe today is changing the interplay between Brussels and Beijing.
Whatever Chinese intentions are, it is doubtful that China will have the military capability to expel the United States from East Asia.
Disregarding the host is destitute or riches and honour , health or sick and weak , cursed city keep, the body in the host is other.
Either way, China would cease to be the predominantly rural country it has been for millennia.
This was true regardless of whether the writers were told their falsehood would be discovered by others.
Ready or not, the way we light our homes and offices is about to change, and the technology that will lead the way is somewhere in this hall.
Such markets are ideal for any investor - small or large - so long AS he sticks to his investment knitting.
Volunteering unsolicited opinions on any subject under the sun, without regard to their knowledge.
No matter how he is a little fragile and look starry sky, you and I quietly prayed whose curved moon!
In spite of the superintendent's efforts, the software was only able to achieve 63% water window efficiency for this irrigation system.
Whatever decision the president makes, it will bounce back on the future of the country.
Wherever he went he carried a notebook around with him, in which he wrote down his ideas.
whenever he goes, he always takes one notebook with him to write down his own ideas.
Nomatter what the final outcome is, you faced up to a problem squarely, made your best effort to resolve it, and accepted the result.
Whatever the medical reality, Terme di Saturnia's gold body treatment is a visual and olfactory delight.
Whatever you do, do not respond right away. You could blurt out emotional slurs and add fuel to the fire.
No matter does any work to be able to utilize the management science.
Stretching is an important part of any physical activity. You do not want your muscle to rip while performing your activities.
Infamous Players: A Tale of Movies, the Mob (and Sex) " -- By Peter Bart" .
And with every opinion about what might be the cause, there's an opinion about what new regulation might help.
One office building housing 200 workers had collapsed, while Christchurch Cathedral's spire tumbled.
Not only that, he remembered everyone's birthday, was a wine connoisseur, and could fix anything.
Not only a liar, but a bad one. That was clumsy and stupid, my lord. "And yet Ser Duck says you knighted him. "
It's not just people in the Hemel area who have been indulging in panic buying. Motorists as far away as Croydon in Surrey have been at it.
These objects can be living enemies, or you can attach a car to a helicopter and fly it around.
OPEC's delegates are not the only ones in a muddle. Bankers' predictions of next year's oil price range from less than $50 to over $100.
Many nations, and not merely the United States and Japan, are engaged in trade, and the trade often takes roundabout directions.
Steamy rainforests and fragile coral reefs beckon, but so does his desk top.
It's not just the heat that gets to you here; there was a warm dry wind drying out any moisture on your body.
Has no set timetable for getting liquid, for slow capital is patient capital.
It's easy to forge a irregular round ridge, and it also requires comparatively low technique and art.
Repeating a simple word like "the" at irregular interval blocks other thoughts coming into your head.
Irregular room not used as a couple of advocate bedchamber, otherwise, it will lead to long marriage of infertility consequences.
With its irregular lines and eroded sand traps, it manages to appear rugged and natural, even though there is little natural about it.
Leaves irregularly and doubly incised-serrate at margin; middle lobe of bracts lanceolate or falcate-lanceolate, apex acuminate.
subdivide multi fractal - as above , but new vertices are randomly displaced within a user - defined range.
This irregular breath, disturbs the flow of energy to the weaker organs, and take the form of diseases.
Culms with irregular basal internodes are used for walking sticks, umbrella handles, and fishing rods.
The irregular dark purple center is a collection of bacteria that are the cause for this abscess.
The concept of fractals has been used to examine the form of the Hindu temple, both in terms of its planning and external appearance.
Irregular house as used to do the kitchen, can affect the health of her family, irregular house only can be used to do with storage room.
Abnormality shape assembly mark: Can steer sur the guest type meticulous assorting, make each other form intimate of small atmosphere.
irregular illumination seriously distorts the image quality. Light balancing can eliminate such uneven illumination in multimedia.
B: No, six pairs are less than $30, and if I buy them off the internet, they're less than $20.
"Not anymore, " Wang said, and explained what must be something like the Moore's Law of electric bicycles.
Sometimes, however, we have debated a subject and decided that it currently does not merit inclusion in Wikipedia.
But let me tell you what is new about this modern popularity of the occult.
But it was well worth their turning up to Dubai's, held on November 13th-17th, given the bumper orders they won.
Prior to 1870, however, political control by papal governments in central Italy spanned approximately 16. 000 square miles.
But from the late 1960s onwards, as the perfume of joss sticks drifted over Western civilisation, yoga caught on there too.
But after 1969, the Soviets dropped out of the race to the moon and, like a cancer, the land war in Asia began to devour the budget.
But the pervasive pessimism of 1982 preceded one of the greatest equity bull markets in history.
Yet the introduction of a national pay floor in 1999 was one of New Labour's most radical economic policies.
But for Charles Dickens, another foreign visitor to America in the 19th century, it was the Americans who seemed taciturn.
And yet, in 2007, the freshwater Norfolk Broads were nearly flooded after storm surge conditions at sea.
However, the most prominent acquisition by an emerging-market buyer this year has not been an entirely happy experience.
Two hundred horsepower absolves a lot, however, and the Sonata GLS gets down the road with dispatch, if not wild abandon.
But after 30 years of stagnation it is clear that neither religious sentiment nor popular political aspirations can be suppressed.
But Eliot Spitzer, 48, did not discuss his political future and ignored shouted questions about whether he would resign.
But then a big difference happened about 50 years ago, after Sputnik was launched.
But not a young Frank Drake. Rather than being fearful at the thought of aliens, he was captivated.
Bill McCarthy points out that this second syntax has some issues, including performance.
However, Cheetah also lets you solve this problem in a more elegant way: by making it possible for templates to subclass each other.
Chesapeake, however, was dependent on liquid capital markets and strong energy prices to make its bet work on unconventional gas resources.
Nevertheless, the path trodden by CIT is not a template for the whole industry.
Still, it has avoided the kind of catastrophic performance that has wrecked the long-term track record of other value investors.
Still, there is not a single megawatt of EGS-produced power on line yet, and, at best, it will be quite a while before it becomes a significant energy source.
But Facebook continues to seek ways to calibrate commercial use of its greatest asset, its user data, without seeming too creepy.
At least in the case of crude oil, however, escalating prices appears to be trimming demand, Flynn said.
But it is the eerie passion of Gesualdo's music, not the drama of his life, which led Igor Stravinsky and Arnold Schoenberg to him.
But he said he did not know whether Bush had spoken about oil prices with Saudi King Abdullah in their talks on Monday in Riyadh.
At this point, it looks like Google is forging ahead with its own structured data standards - and largely ignoring microformats.
This first citation didn't mean a "prostitute" though, it was a thief who used a hook to snag his loot.
There was one thing the IFPI definitely got right in their annual report.
But it also reiterated that some buildup of reserves or capital controls may be appropriate to address large and transitory movements.
But the sales of tablet computers, like the iPad, were another major factor and that could become a persistent problem forMicrosoft.
However, the Java timer framework is not rich enough to meet the scheduling requirements of many applications.
But JAXP's dullness has lulled developers away from looking to it for new features.
But JSON allows for a few extra constructs (particularly comments) that mean this will miss input from some less-than-careful JSON creators.
However, communication between JVM and native code is generally slow, thus too many JNI calls can degrade performance.
has been a controversial one, as many across Silicon Valley and Wall Street say that investors are being taken in by a new Internet bubble.
However lsass. exe may sometimes be a trojan horse or downloader disguised to look like an innocent process.
But Majo said the situation was "not serious" because a new Internet protocol will allow the production of billions more Internet addresses.
NHTSA said, however, that it has no specific reason to be concerned about vehicles other than the Volt.
Yet, Once Were Were does compose some very pretty songs, despite its divergent and sometimes jazzy tendencies.
However, Brent Bracelin, an analyst for Pacific Crest Securities, thinks Cisco's entrance in the server market will be a major development.
Palm Pre developer events are going on all around the world, though, so expect to see more apps for that platform quickly.
However, PERC, a synthetic, volatile organic compound, happens to pose a health risk to humans as well and is a threat to the environment.
However, this sort of manipulation of the PYTHONPATH (or of sys. path within a script or Python shell session) is a bit fragile.
However, QFII assets have not been easy to come by, as many QFII managers are not in need of mainland-based investment advisers.
Still, Kenny Baker is required to handle the intricate performance of Artoo, and to imbue a sense of personality into the machine.
From a business standpoint, however, the growth in internet news consumption has not been harnessed by news companies.
However the dynamic nature of the Ruby language provides for a solution: ActiveScaffold.
But Dr Allan Pacey, a sperm biologist at the University of Sheffield, said he was not convinced the sperm were fully developed.
However, Siegel added that people who are physically fit may report fewer sick days because they are "more macho. "
SOAP is the newcomer to this set of technologies, however, only coming to the scene within the last couple of years.
But Stan is a salutary reminder that the internet dynamo needs to keep evolving fast if it is to avoid becoming a digital dinosaur.
However, the Tablet S looks nothing like the iPad 2 or any other current competitor.
However, Unicode does include text direction, rules for character combination, and alphabetic ordering.
But the advantages that upstart provides certainly outweigh the risks and additional work that may be necessary.
Vitale cautioned that as it was a simulation study, they would need to validate their findings with experimental data.
But Vita also might represent the last of a dying breed: machines created specifically for videogames.
However, Dr Volpp sounds a note of caution. Companies with programmes that flop are less likely to broadcast their results.
The "mini" name doesn't necessarily refer to the size of the device, he said, but a lower entry-level price.
Rather, WikiLeaks acted as a catalyst: both a trigger and a tool for political outcry.
But Wood said the U. S. government decision is no surprise to Beijing, as the Chinese were briefed "several" times about the impending deal.
Attila 's adventures in the West had not ended, however. In the following year he launched a devastating campaign into Italy.
Arcee's alternate mode was felt to be too small for her to be an effective warrior, so she got two partners, Chromia and Elita.
However, Agrawal has predicted that this slowdown will only be temporary and new contracts are expected to be signed in the coming weeks.
The gender issue, however, was hardly present in the run-up to Argentina's election, in which the top two vote- getters were women.
People say the studious lawmaker would rather play computer games or read up on new legislation than endlessly live in the public eye.
But none of Alibaba's major rivals has so much of its equity in the hands of just a couple of big foreign owners.
Still, Anakin couldn't help wondering why Obi-Wan had decided to take him on this training exercise.
Mr. Arnold, however, writes that the bank's business of catering to wealthy clients will be tarnished by its subprime problems.
However, the A Sangqi said that this short-lived reputation of his arrest warrant is still a harm.
But Egypt has been building an iron barrier, sunk deep into the sandy soil, to thwart this subterranean traffic.
Still, Mr. Evans says it took creativity to feature so much martial arts in a movie where everybody is packing heavy artillery.
But Edwards looked at the salmon-colored jacket Clinton wore and said jokingly, "But I don't know about that jacket. "
Nevertheless, Edison received patents worldwide, including the United States, United Kingdom, France, and Germany.
A thousand failures later, Thomas Edison burned a steel wire white hot that never burned up. Continuous white heat creates light.
But it needs to refinance only a modest amount of maturing debt (see chart).
Love comes at a price, though -- a date on the Singapore Flyer costs 140 US dollars, which includes a gourmet dinner at a spa resort.
Therefore, her understanding of 'love' has already reached the level of a religious-like devout state.
Andersen said the system can work if developers know the long-term cost of their energy output.
The euthanasia legalization took one kind of value choice the tendency, has accepted gradually for the various countries' people.
but Anne, at seven-and-twenty, thought very differently from what she had been made to think at nineteen.
Yet by current standards, this era of legendary greed appears like a moment of uncommon restraint.
But according to local customs, after hearing these propitious words, the audience has to give them tips.
But by the same logic, even allocation of a fraction of flows would be enough to move markets.
But Republicans were unhappy that Obama now appears to be trying to pay for his jobs plan entirely with tax increases.
But as he said in remarks at a clean energy company in Reno, Nevada, the question is how to accomplish it.
But his return to power has been inglorious: in a recent poll only 21% of respondents approved of him.
Nevertheless, Augustine argues, it can still be considered a commonwealth in a limited, provisional, and penultimate sense.
Then again, SJM might be pipped to Diana's dress by the Greeks, who could then offer to trade it for their precious marbles.
First, however, Aussies need a bit more self-belief. After that perhaps will come the zest and confidence of an Antipodean California.
However Barnes, snobl 29, announces that it first meet the needs of the Subscriber, the bookstore had to postpone " " Nook on time.
But Buffett told CNBC he had been "hit between the eyes" by the advantages the company enjoys in finding and keeping clients.
Yet Buffett cautioned policymakers not to artificially stimulate housing sales and perhaps derail a recovery.
Mr. Buffett did, however, agree to consider making an offer for some of AIG's property-and-casualty businesses.
Dr. Butler added, though, that brain cells can continue to 'flourish' and grow in people in their 80s.
Although it is growing, the Brazilian market is also proving to be viciously competitive.
The Catholicism being practised might, however, be considered by the Vatican to be of the wrong kind.
Yet Brazil is a country with outstanding potential, a welcoming and richly diverse people, excellent food and several world-class companies.
However, per capita income among the most underprivileged is growing between 7 and 8 percent a year, an unprecedented rate.
But credits could be made by importing slaves to the war barons, who would pay handsomely for any exotic edge in combat.
But do not fit yourself into a rigid mold that says you must hit the ball waist high or else you are not playing good tennis.
But the White House open 7 days a 5 from home in search of Osama bin Laden video recordings of payment, all carried out muffler treatment.
However the White House has said it could take the matter to court.
But the disclosure said the evidence was not conclusive enough to change U. S. decision-making on the issue.
Privately, however, the White House will certainly not be delighted at the prospect of dealing with prickly President Putin again.
However, IL- 35 is one of the few signaling molecules known to inhibit immune system activity.
But brandy itself will pay a price, because part of the brandy will with the passage of time slowly evaporate.
However, Baidu management and many analysts believe that the benefits from Google's partial withdrawal will be limited over the long term.
However, having grown up with the internet, they all have a strong sense of how to use technology creatively, and are not afraid of it.
Bulgaria's public finances, however, remain in excellent shape, giving its authorities flexibility to intervene if banks hit trouble.
However, Paul's fans need not despair. The aquarium has already been grooming a successor, to be named Paul like his mentor.
But nosooner had Paul ended his campaign than the very foundations of the worldeconomy grew wobbly.
Yet conservatives know, with Burke, that healthy "change is the means of our preservation. "
But it's safe to say that he probably made a year's salary in the three-month long marriage.
Now, however, the company is confronting a game-changer that Mr Lafley had not foreseen: a global economic downturn.
Still, BMW expects sales volume and earnings growth to be held back in the second half due to the launch of new models.
But it says defense officials do not believe the missile can reach the Hawaiian islands.
However, all of the bikes have one thing in common, said the magazine - they offer middling performance at a premium price tag.
Still, reports say the system cannot be fully assessed until after an upcoming missile flight test.
However, it warns that unconventional gas in China is at least a decade away.
But it seems to endorse a broader approach that avoids the mistakes of the past, such as growing monocultures of just one GM crop.
But the report offers some caveats. One is that the data, in aggregate, sometimes conceal subgroup differences by race and ethnicity.
But it says aid needs to be more flexible and better targeted, so developing countries can use the aid dollars to pay recurrent expenses, such as teachers’ and doctors’ salaries.
But it said more could have been done to work with grassroots groups and reduce the Games' total carbon footprint.
Nonetheless, the report noted "weaker prospects for North America, where high oil prices may have finally begun to dent oil demand" .
But, the report says, "the United Kingdom remains a concern due to its expansive libel laws. "
However, Bob had another arduous clinking missions - to take care of the children.
However, Bowden's son, Kerry said his father had suicidal tendencies, but did not lead to medical personnel adequate attention.
But, sadly, I am taken for granted by those who use me, as if I were a mere incident and without background.
Pessimists, however, say that it is still far from clear that the measures are dramatic or speedy enough to allay all attack.
Beijing has tried to allay such fears, however, by giving foreign groups time to adjust.
But it has failed to develop a strong brand of its own, even as rivals such as Shanghai Automotive Industry Corp. have roared ahead.
But a few details have come out, from the shift foreman, Luis Urzua, and another of the 33 men, Richard Villarroel.
Nevertheless, the details of the patterns produced vary, according to things like how rapidly the chemicals diffuse. That could be selected.
Still, the speed with which pent-up demand for credit has been unleashed has analysts worried.
But Beck's rally was not the only one laying claim to the Martin Luther King Jr. legacy .
However, Mr Berlusconi's main coalition ally, the Northern League, has withheld its support until Mr Monti's policies have become clear.
But speaking later to reporters in Ohio, Boehner struck a combative tone toward the White House and Senate Democrats.
But farmer Alan Bennett says waiving the law would be a blow to his town, and to consumers as well.
However, in this section, well spend some time talking about autonomic computing in general to give you a quick background or refresher .
Still, it represents a significant turning point for a currency whose long weakness had turned it into a source of rueful amusement for Americans.
Nevertheless, this book brings us one step closer to answering the complicated question: What is secure code?
However, the book said not Luanchenzeizi, sea pirates, but because ordinary people do not know the law enforcement is the court.
Having said that, Nicklas Bendtner had the tie at his feet and he took the touch like my grandma.
Nicklas Bendtner's partner is in labour and he is due to be a father today or tomorrow. So I don't know if I will involve him.
However, this teaching will outline those business impacts and judgments as noted by the customers whose scenarios we have represented.
But for this article, I choose SVG and use it in combination with PHP to do a bit of stock graphing.
However, the project had two closely related scenarios where the singleton pattern proved useful: for logging and exception handling.
Yet "No One Killed Jessica" , released in India earlier this month and due to be shown in Europe, America and elsewhere, avoids hectoring.
But in light of a court ruling this week, the banks look to have made an unwise bet.
But law or no law, I buckle up all the time for my own safety.
But the economic malaise and energy-efficiency programs in the U. S. brought forward the date of the milestone, Mr. Birol said.
However, the competitor incurs no penalty for holing out with the original ball.
However, the competitor also incurs a penalty of two strokes for improving the area of his intended swing by bending a shrub (Rule 13-2).
But Justino Pedro du Silva, a doorman in Bissau, says everyone fears the disruption that such political turmoil brings.
More important than where the code for these applications runs, though, is how the applications behave and how you interact with them.
However, a copy of the appropriate Open Database Connectivity (ODBC) driver must be installed on each computer for the queries to function.
However, there a vast chasm between helping out in a pinch and being overly accommodating.
After all, supply-siders and climate-change- deniers no longer control the White House and key Congressional committees.
But ever and anon his childish prattle recurred to what impressed his imagination even more deeply than the wonders of creation.
But BATMAN does come equipped with a Bat Hook: a grappling hook that special operators can throw onto power lines in order to charge up their battery-powered communications equipment.
Convenience, though, is still the main attraction and that means more than simple portability.
But cheap electricity is only one, albeit important, criterion for choosing the site of a data centre.
However, tin, the only metal not included in the S&amp;amp; P GSCI index, is the best performer, rising more than 40 per cent.
While ostensibly about morality, the campaign is seen by many liberals and minorities as a broader push to Islamize Indonesia.
But don't worry guise the following collaborators seemed to have made the cut: Dr.
But, someone else is not happy to see him alive, and is frantically trying to track him down. Written by Film_Fan.
But don't think he's not tough . Two years in prison for GBH on his wife's new boyfriend is unfortunately etch ed on his CV .
Not that this will necessarily translate into the kind of outlook for Chinese companies that investors are expecting.
Still, not every investor was as gung-ho on the decision to let Pandit keep his job.
However, not all people are keen on reading books, solving crossword puzzles and getting into Japanese numbers game like Sudoku.
But all of the registers might not be relevant for all of the signals.
Not all experts are convinced that Mr Gates is paving the right road, however.
Not all may consider themselves "fanboys, " though (and in fact, many will vehemently deny it).
But it is not just the young and the metropolitan middle classes who are walking away from wedded bliss.
But Big Ben isn't alone; architects have been correcting the Leaning Tower of Pisa since the 1170s when it was still being built.
Yet Mr Toda is hardly alone in coming to the conclusion that nature must be accommodated and that the best defence can be avoidance.
The mergers and acquisitions market, however, remained a stronghold for developed-economy financial companies.
But it hasn't dispelled doubts that member-states lack the political will to enact austerity measures, or will grow their way out of debt.
However, the patient may be volume depleted and prone to hypotension and decreased cardiac output from mechanical ventilation and PEEP.
Dr Bernstein admits, though, that many film depictions of psychiatry and mental disorders are "terrible" .
Yet Mr Baron-Cohen's agenda is liberal and his arguments at least merit inspection.
Whether however Bogert already did prepare for has undertaken responsibility also to need to observe, but he had this opportunity at least.
However, platinum acts as a catalyst , something that makes it easier for the hydrogen and oxygen to recombine.
But not to worry, the situation is only temporary. Just until Doris cracks the code.
The specter of huge environmental fallout on the scale of Chernobyl is unlikely, though.
Yet whatever your job, the rule of thumb is that sexy is almost always good but tacky is almost always bad.
Whatever bedtime you choose, be sure to stick to this schedule and begin winding down with bedtime activities about an hour before.
Nevertheless, expert or novice, the best way to find out how NUnit helps you organize your testing is to try it out.
Yet, however it is executed, we do need a sense of direction to carry us through the labyrinth of life.
But by whatever mechanism, the giant Greenland ice sheet was accelerating across its rocky moorings and toward the sea.
But the importance of the topic does not seem to be adequately reflected in national and international policymaking agendas.
However he changed, he is sill my brother who cared about me. He can be cold to others, but not to me.
Well, but however it may be, there'll be a lot of men missing at roll-call to-morrow!
Mostly, I feel really thankful to be from the United States of America!
in any case, they have other, even more fanatical terrorists to worry about.
It was, after all, the first podium medal for a British gymnastics team for 100 years, since the 1912 Stockholm Olympics.
But however secret MOHR is, one thing is clear: letting the problem fester could lead to deteriorating security, says 1st Lt. Michael Horab, assistant operations officer at Camp Cropper.
However, it does not remove code from the modules subdirectory on the file system; you must perform that step manually.
However, after a while I remembered the big pile of deep-fried potato wedges that I had eaten - and the pain disappeared instantly.
But my handbag, miraculously, was still mine, as were my keys, my wallet and my mobile phone.
But it was unclear how easily the company will recover from such a major management change.
Not everyone has a good diet so some of those nutrients might be deficient.
And yet it is not as though everyone is walking around like a ticking hand grenade.
Not for you, Class of 2000. You are a write_off, so I'll let you slink off to your pathetic $ 200, 000, a-year jobs.
These could be written off as temporary factors hitting supply if it weren't for a remorseless increase in demand.
But it's not only men in the boardroom or at the peak of their careers who seem to favour long sleeves.
However, undead can use Psychokinesis powers --- but they substitute their Charisma ability score as the key modifier with these powers.
But unlike those who had previously attacked the problem, he took advantage of the new tools of synthetic biology.
But, sadly, I was the only cute redhead in the mix, ' Mr. Browne joked.
But don’t be fooled: there is a strong undercurrent of debate that can have a big impact on America’s world view.
Do not be too alarmed, incorrect use of cleanstart has never caused a fatality.
But don't despond: Your current trusty emailing device has a few tricks up its sleeve that you may not know about.
Do not misapprehension and I do not say my study is very well.
'But don't worry, we will have Liszt for the encore. . . Liszt, and more Liszt! '
But Mr. Butcher had a serious agenda for his half-year hiatus: Spending uninterrupted time with his newborn daughter.
But IP addresses can be fabricated, Blank says, and the Chinese government vehemently denied anything to do with the incident.
But Mr Brown had become good friends with Ms Rowling, largely through his wife, Sarah, and their families have spent much time together.
But Bliss says the slowing U. S. economy is not the only issue roiling the markets.
But Mrs Brooks felt it unsafe to watch on the landing again, and entered her own parlour below.
But Bloom's publicist told Entertainment Tonight that this time the reports are true.
The most worrying problem for Mr Bush, though, is the growing hostility to "surge" in his own party.
The impact of the changes that have taken place on Mr Bush's watch, though, is unquestionable.
Yet the Bush administration claims it can halve the budget deficit by 2009.
Yet the Bush administration has stopped short of taking the fateful step of "weaponisation" in space.
But the president's role in Beijing is more likely to be that of a sports fan and cheerleader-in-chief.
However, suspicion was raised on Bush's eight-month delay in filing with the relevant authorities on his stock option trade when he served as a director of Harken Energy Corp. in Texas ten years ago.
However, some of the causes of gout can be overcome through the means of a good, healthy diet.
Some analysts, however, said a deal could disrupt Brocade's sales partnerships, making it less attractive for a buyer.
But some are skeptical that gold will stay in an upward trajectory, pointing to its inconsistency of late amid risk-off trades in commodities and stocks.
But, some students are easy to feel anxious, or even quarrel with other students because of the pressures of study.
However, Magistrate Tong ruled out suspending the sentence owing to the seriousness of the crime.
However, the panel accepted Beijing's argument that its criminal laws were strong enough to deter piracy.
However, the draft carries more definitive clauses than that of Resolution 1718, which asks all member countries to cooperate in taking joint action if necessary.
However, it is often very useful to find static text on a Web page, for example, to verify the text appearing in an HTML table or document.
But foot binding is not coming back any time soon: gender equality is a legacy of communism that appears to be here to stay.
But a cumulative fall in output of 1% is easy to imagine.And recovery after that will be a long hard slog.
Overall, though, the review did not provide solid evidence that the medicine routinely benefits cardiac patients with angina.
But prices are unlikely to fall to the 2008-2009 lows of around $40 a barrel in the longer term, as physical oil markets are now very strong.
But in the long term, although females remain attracted to bravery and risk-taking they also look for the crucial additional trait of altruism.
The Changsha kiln was commonly used on ewer, while the painting and calligraphy of Cizhou kiln has no more appeared on the ewer but on pillows.
But as metamaterials show, chemistry is not the only path to developing materials with an interesting electromagnetic response.
Helen: We tin, whatsoever, prepare the extra coverage. But I recommend you adjoin your insurance surrogate there and compare rates.
Whether the banking sector would be open to Chinese investment, however, was "a more complicated issue" , he said.
In speaking of it nevertheless as a myth, I echo that philosophy of mathematics to which I alluded earlier under the name of formalism.
But Shigeki Sugihara, 34, taking a peek during his lunch break, said the price tag was just too much.
As for buses, they do exist, but only the poor seem to be on them and routes are being cancelled for budgetary reasons.
But to acknowledge that we are all multilateralists now (or at least need to be) is only to start the conversation.
But the existence of the procedure seems to compatibility problems, and some pages are blank after crawling.
And a burnt child dreads the fire, so now Rose stays close to her mot her when they are downtown.
But wishful thinking won't help with China -- much less at such a volatile time in the global economy.
Yet, continuous reinforcement is the first to wear off, because players immediately notice once you've staunched the flow of reward.
But, is late this kind of matter to be possible one but not to be possible again, the lie said many, the stuffing eventually can reveal.
The Naked Cowboy is not at all interested in genealogy, though. In that, he is a typical child of a genealogist .
Nevertheless the press holds to " future is wet " this title, I can be in only " future is wet " below this train of thought, come commentate explain the immanent logic of this book.
The clones that produce the State Guest Da Hung Pao, though, are the ones closest to the mother bushes, where the soil is especially porous.
But, contrary to what defenders of the apostrophe imagine, its status has long been moot.
But when the same question arose with regard to the baby, it had a very different colour.
And yet, for fear of sharks, “I won't let my two kids go surfing.
But Argentina's peg to the dollar was also supposed to be irreversible, and for much the same reason.
Beyond that, though, employers realize that trying to stamp out office romance is like standing in front of a speeding train.
However, keychain won't ask you to reenter the passphrase on subsequent login attempts unless the machine has been restarted.
But unless you find a way to make your bird feeder edible, you need to master weight-loss tools, too.
Eg. But working with computers, typing, reading or writing can be just as hazardous unless you are careful.
However, these guard bytes don't do any good unless you check whether they have been changed (which would indicate a memory overwrite).
But talk of peace and reconciliation is just fanciful and theoretical unless we are prepared to undergo such a revolution.
Apart from a few isolated editorials, though, the criticisms have largely fallen on deaf ears in the German media.
But aside from copious sand and sun, what else does China's 'forever tropical paradise' offer a visitor?
But in addition to the formidable policy challenges ahead of him, Donilon faces obstacles in shaping the policy process.
So apart from that small interlude (that kind of passed by almost unnoticed) I think we are all feeling a combination of severe trepidation and excitement.
Outside the Muslim countries, however, there is a general consensus that it would be bad if China were to rival the U. S. militarily.
The sanctions should, however, (at least in thebeginning) be a reprimand or a fine.
However. Wearing camouflage fatigues . Or long sleeves. Also by the sun drying. I can not stand. But still very strong suffer from a.
Traditional light bulbs, the last vestige of the vacuum tube era, produce light with hot gases or wires.
But a traditional repeater destroys the quantum states of the photons, such as their planes of polarisation .
However, rental car companies Enterprise and Hertz have created their own car-sharing programs.
But Verizon is rumoured to be launching a new version of Apple's gadget in January; if so, Motorola's market share is likely to shrink.
Once inside, however, vessels (mostly fishing boats) find a snug anchorage among the coves lining the shore.
Nevertheless, the singleness and repetition of the creative subjects impeded the development of the internet literature.
However, this step is very similar to the authentication step, in that you first extract and then authorize.
Here, however, the page has no clue of the shape of our table -- but the handler does, so we reverse the order.
But the blast probably marked the point at which events in Iraq spiralled irretrievably out of control.
But its fiscal woes are also due to a simple fact: tax evasion is the national pastime.
This time, however, it was the BRIC deputy finance ministers who met, not the ministers.
But the research also turned up a tantalizing clue: Midway through the study, when the bats' hormones shifted, so did their the crash stats.
Typically, however, the disadvantages of this approach will outweigh the advantages, especially when XML is sent as the content.
Since then, however, the home appears to be somewhat conservative, Qiu Yike , which gives the fight Tsui Hark enough space.
The significance of the story though, is not so much in the magnitude of the shift but rather in the direction of travel.
However, the move may be a precursor to the company withdrawing from semiconductor manufacturing.
Such ventures have had mixed results, however, with insiders describing each side as suspicious of the other's motives.
But as he sat in his Fifth Avenue penthouse trimming his nails, Murdoch was as near to contentment as he had ever been.
But it has garnered a lot of coverage in Germany and Italy, and is already a bestseller in China and India.
But, withal , a real renaissance occurred, and America recovered her poetic voice.
Nevertheless, there are serious flaws in the underpinnings and timing of this omnibus initiative
However, clever kitten early prevention, his body a longitudinal, he climbed up the side of a big tree.
However, cleverness a point can see in have Xuan falsely. After all, the earth didn't dine without paying of lunch.
That said, the reverse commute from Grand Central Station on 42nd Street to Greenwich is becoming less uncommon.
Beginning in the late 1980s, however, there was a tentative shift to a more open policy toward religion in Tibet.
This setback did not, however, dampen Merkel's mood, as she showed when Ireland and Greece sought an easing of their bailout terms.
But the size of the exodus from South Waziristan suggests fighting is intense.
Yet from today's global vantage point, we have undoubtedly all had too much of this good thing.
But from the standpoint of dealing with the poor's plight, it might actually signal Indian democracy's strength.
Yes, personally, I would have liked to see the Netherlands win, if for no other reason than to vanquish the demons that linger from losing in two finals in the 1970s.
Fundamentally, though, the job for Asian policymakers has reverted to the humdrum business of balancing growth with price rises.
But in the medium term, the mentality that insists on hobbling search engines will surely act as a break on creative endeavour.
However, the action in the domestic foreign exchange market reveals growing Chinese nervousness about European fiscal health.
However, digging for information across many different Web sites and search engines makes the task of finding that one solution seem confusing and daunting.
They can draw some solace from the fact that MrHumala won by pledging to uphold many of the system's pillars.
But from an economy perspective, I feel reasonably okay with what we did.
But from the point of view of understanding what Mr Cameron Smith calls "the millionaire's mindset" it matters quite a bit.
But, on paper, Britain does not look like a country to be encouraging such relatively robust investment.
rendan - quartet for two is not only a quartet for two , it is indeed a quartet for the sasaki family.
But in other hands, the blanket dismissal of critics is a too-easy argument-ender, a way to promote quack remedies and dodgy philosophies by defining all counter opinions as envy.
But otherwise, the telephone is increasingly unfit not just for call centres but for most other business purposes too.
However, from America's largest real estate company subdivision of pulte 11 kinds of customers will get some enlightenments.
The evidence from the crisis of 10 years ago reminds us that this contribution is highly questionable.
But, from the stone stage street "harp lung and agriculture machine" in the hospital, but often calls from night owl.
But for all his efforts to woo the anti-war wing, he is free of the isolationist flavour of most populist politicians.
However, it would appear that it may have been accidental disinformation rather than a hoax per se.
Clearly, from my own point of view I would prefer that Andrea did not go to Athens.
For my money, though, I think there are at least two reasons why it would be foolish simply to deride or ignore Gata.
But from now on I am a Partizan player and I am fully focused on the club's ambitions.
But as far as journalism is concerned, these sites more than fill the space a defunct TechCrunch would leave behind.
Still, taking over from a long serving company founder is never easy, and Mr. Lu has challenges ahead of him.
However, each of the services invoked from within the mediation flow can only handle a single record, as shown in Figure 17.
There are limits, however, since some aspects of an interaction cannot be abstracted.
But Darwin is so much more than just a quaint, Victorian historical figure whose bust in the pantheon deserves a place among those of other scientific greats.
But the concept of natural selection, and Darwin's own presentation of it, has one very unfortunate aspect.
but, to counterbalance these advantages, Mr. Darcy had considerable patronage in the church, and his cousin could have none at all.
But da Silva said, "Otis" vivacity, know what is going through, when the parachute did not show fear emotions.
As it usually exudes a bit of liquid, it is a good idea to turn it into a fine-meshed sieve and place the sieve over a bowl. This allows any seeping liquid to drop out of the cream.
However, most enterprise transformations are incremental -- significant and strategic, but nonetheless incremental.
Nonetheless, most experts agree that it is most helpful for you to go to bed at a regular, planned time.
However, most of the money went into money market funds, with only 30 per cent of registered funds benefiting from a net inflow.
Fortunately most build servers have the option to delay the start of a build or avoid building more than once in a given time interval.
But most stars are not massive enough to create the pressures and heat necessary to burn heavy elements, so fusion and heat production stop.
However, most of the ash is falling on the ground and in the ocean near Iceland.
Most of the time, though, it pays to elevate your gaze a bit and think about security at the application architecture level.
But a large part of the buying, especially in the oil markets, was fed by speculators who believed demand would only soar.
Most of the artists have had little exposure outside of Australia, however, making the show a way of raising their profiles as well.
But, doctor, rise superior to the crowd, especially as you will wound mamma and me by refusing it.
And yet, where men of great wealth do stoop to husbandry, it multiplies riches exceedingly.
But do not worry, go along the highway are, we smooth high-risk car comfortable sitting in front of the car and feel similar to motion sickness can be friends first service motion sickness medicine.
It was acknowledged, however, that he was a liberal man, and did much good among the poor.
Company was expected, however, to meet in the main drawing room at 7: 30 p. m. sharp, principally to amuse their host.
But the oddest element in Dali's Nanzhao legacy in the General's Temple on a hill in Xiaguan's northwest suburb.
But a spate of strikes has hit the country's factories, and Chinese labour is getting dearer.
But no amount of money can in itself make a million qualified teachers materialise in less than a generation.
Sooner or later, however, Such a pandemic will occur and history shows that it must be taken with the utmost seriousness.
But then the aunt reminded me that I, looking like intellectuals, I can say that he was a college student, and perhaps win more sympathy.
But Amnesty still allowed TBWA to run the ads once so they could be entered into the Cannes competition.
Unfortunately, Dashu's own umbrella with taxi patterns was damaged by a strong gust of wind.
But up to 20 percent of women with fragile X pre-mutations undergo premature menopause.
But after a few days' stay they got to the point where they could read each other's thoughts.
Nevertherless, basic oxygen furnace process with heated ladle refining and vacuum degassing may also be considered as acceptable.
However, with the advent of molecular diagnostic methods, the role of viruses in foodborne disease outbreaks is beginning to be understood.
But with a little luck, CERN researchers will be serving up some quark-gluon soup in short order.
But the children that Decety studied (kids with a history of aggression) don't experience that empathy.
Where Mr Denson has the suave assurance of the salesman, though, Mr Parker's style suggests a self-effacing but friendly physics professor.
Well, ' said Captain Dance when he returned, ' at least we finished off Pew. '
Yet that alone is not enough for transparency. Cartilage has no melanins or blood supply and is colorless, but it is at best translucent.
But a straw poll of dozens of protesters arrived at a consensus that the Brotherhood was not the organizer.
But when banks failed in the 1930s, many thrifty people lost their savings.
But when, in August 1968, Soviet tanks rolled into Czechoslovakia, they also crushed the hope of reform in Russia.
The season ends with the autumnal equinox (with day and night equal in length) on September 22 or 23.
However, when A decided that he wanted to resume play, there was no longer an agreement and B was obliged to resume play.
But this week, knowing that CNN would be telling her story, Shaw decided to tell Aaron that she had been sick.
But booming demand is pulling wages higher in India and costly training is now needed to lure workers being courted by other companies.
Still, underdeveloped local financial systems means this rosy scenario will not always follow. But policy options are limited.
But many other thermal wonders in the region plus the novelty of Maori culture have kept the tourists flowing in.
But locals do poach the wild deer and pigs, cutting in on carnivores' food sources.
However, local customs regulations led to the food being destroyed and replaced by Russian speciality cuisine.
But a prominent rights group says the ban was quickly violated when at least two firms sent more women abroad on Monday.
when the wind drops , however , mist rises and freezes into frost which thickly coasts the pines.
Nevertheless, as state secondary school and university education became more readily available, the number of educated gentry grew.
But by the time Haggis approached the O. T. III material he'd already been through several years of auditing.
Nevertheless, Harald Bohr was hailed as a hero when he returned to Denmark.
Only, when a child passed near a nun and addressed her, the nun never replied.
But after Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez was elected and began a series of social programs called "missions, " Mr. Ramirez's life changed.
But there must be a price that even San Franciscans would balk at paying to reduce their waste.
But when economic data continued to suggest that growth would remain positive, if sluggish, U. S. stocks began to look like a bargain.
Audiences may or may not see it so intellectually when the viscera hit the camera lens.
But when the scientists played sounds of reefs, featuring the murmurs of fish and crustaceans, the larvae swarmed toward the speakers.
But when you climbed on board, mentally noting the lumpy cushions, the rods trailing wires at the stern and the swivel fish-fighting chair bolted to the deck, you knew you were in the same place.
However after Li Bing heaves pate, he still kept repealing this mind very wisely.
Yet the two disciplines have been combined to create the latest craze sweeping fitness studios across America - upside down yoga.
However, as the image of the American cowboy became more popular in films and songs, real cowboy culture faded.
But he accepted when the bank offered to let him set up a group that would invest some of its own money using a quantitative strategy.
But when someone does call, look at it as a great opportunity to create fanatically devoted customer, one who will prattle on and on about what a great job you did.
When the relationship between the mother and child is troublesome then these people may not understand what I mean.
Back when it was written, though, it was sort of a voice in the desert.
But just try to sue the government when you are unjustly harmed by it!
But as you sip your hibiscus juice , your hair blowing under the straining fans, you feel alive .
There is, however, some sort of etiquette that should be followed when sending an email, especially if you want to seem like a professional.
But as you draw those thumbnails, you can start to inject the principles of animation into them.
Watch yourself when you start to reach for that food, though, or you just might offend someone.
It's hard to muster the energy to explore new genres, however, when you've lost your faith.
And yet when his name comes up now, it is more often than not as a freak, a monarchist, an anti-Semite , a crank, a has been.
But when women did possess a firm handshake, they were likely to be evaluated more favorably than their male counterparts.
Even as exposure became enshrined as a progressive principle, however, political sex stories went into eclipse.
Still, the current financial crisis shows that the religious critique of excessive greed is far from irrelevant.
But, of course, you've never been able to know the truth if you met it in the road.
But of course, if I ever qualify, I might be able to do everything one day. Book the villa, change the currency, fly the plane. . .
But, certainly, there is plenty of supply in the system so prices should retrench back to the $75 to $85 range .
But of course I wasn't sure of it; it was just a hunch.
But she was, of course, being provided free, so maybe people didn't appreciate her as much as they should have done.
The climatic conditions were, of course, just as bad for the Russian army and it too suffered losses during that dreadful winter.
However, they feared for their lives, for in experiencing the holiness of God so closely, they felt all the more their own sinfulness and unworthiness .
Still, Moody's at the time warned that the company's delay reflected its 'very high liquidity and financial risk.
Although at the time that was not apparent , since the priests had quickly converted an error into a blessing .
But then he was hearing music in his head -- new, original music like he never had before.
But for the moment Wendy was shocked. "You conceit [braggart], " she exclaimed, with frightful sarcasm; "of course I did nothing! "
But all I understood at the time was that I was in a cone of silence.
But when thousands of them are blowing at the same time they create a din (noise) that opposing teams say can be intimidating.
The reader does feel sorry for his wife, though, when dead bees clog the light fittings and a coyote eats the favourite chickens.
But when Wayne Swan, his treasurer (finance minister), presented the government's second budget on May 12th, the ball had suddenly stopped.
When he starts talking, though, the stereotype recedes and he seems modest rather than megalomaniacal.
However, just as they come within sight of the famed White Cliffs of Dover, a dark shadow crashes down to stop them.
But Banes does worry and her lip quivers as she thinks about what would happen to her children if she ever did get really sick .
She was lither than either as she cruised through the water-weed, a lazy twist of gold.
But by the time she had got back to the village she was passively trusting to the favour of accident.
That hypothesis fell into doubt when the chicken hopped the fence and began pacing the perimeter of our yard with a proprietary air.
Nevertheless, when a person with diabetes does need assistance this needs to be from knowledgeable health professionals.
But the bank's credibility is starting to be questioned as inflation keeps on exceeding the 2% target for consumer prices.
However, Mr Wen did not strike such an encouraging tone for the South Koreans when he spoke to them directly.
But when I looked at Brewers Dictionary of Modern Phrase and Fable I got a hint of something more.
But when I was just a little girl, I got a small red telescope which we promptly pointed at the most obvious thing in the sky, the Moon.
However, when I returned to my own home with the board on an area rug on hardwood flooring, the system showed I 'gained' 16. 1 pounds.
But we exacerbate the problem when we dress sloppily or are not well-groomed.
Still, as we set out from Guangzhou, the whole trip had an air of excitement and exploration about it.
However, when we decide on the road alone, and all the curse of betrayal are all lost in him, we can smile and stubborn, sad and crying, but still the pace to continue sonorous.
But when I refer to a crescent moon I'm usually just intending to communicate its fingernail-clipping shape.
But when I asked my students, if in an ideal world, would they want the government to get out of their lives, the unanimous response was no.
But now when I see my female friends we moan as much as we always did.
Yet as I sat on my flight to Rio, I could not suppress some trepidation at the country's well-known drawback.
But at the stroke of midnight it all ends, and she runs home, leaving only her glass slipper behind.
But at the stroke of midnight it all ends, and she runs home, leaving only her glass slipper behind.
But when the Little Wee Bear came to look at his bed, there was the bolster in its place!
However, when high performance is required, materialized views are created to de-normalize the data.
However, once Baby P had been given the all-clear for meningitis, he was allowed home.
However, when it became obvious that the demonstration would go ahead, Mr Moussavi decided to join them to try to maintain calm.
But to come to a single ranking, we would then have to manipulate the data: should a measure of the state of public health outweigh a measure of investment in public transport?
But, it is inherent in the physics of the transistor, when it is used in this manner, that the output will vary by a known amount for a given change in temperature.
But rather when these things girdle your life and yet you rise above them naked and unbound.
It was apparent, however, that a goodly percentage of the island's air strength must have been destroyed.
By the middle of the seventeen hundreds, however, black ministers could be found in both the northern and southern colonies.
That percentage had risen to 57% by the early 1990s, however, as combining motherhood and executive careers became more accepted and common.
By tea-time, however, the dose had been enough, and Mr. Bennet was glad to take his guest into the drawing-room again, and when tea was over, glad to invite him to read aloud to the ladies.
One month before negotiations in Copenhagen began, however, all the big decisions –on adequate emissions cuts by rich countries, and on finance for adaptation and mitigation –were still on the table.
But by mid- afternoon, the FTSE 100 had recovered slightly to 5813. 2, down only 48 points or 0. 8% since the morning.
But at some point you erase each work? Yup. I leave it up for a few days. And then, That's that, and I wipe it all off.
He turns it up even louder at night to drown out the sound of police guns.
However, by the end of their trip, they had moved past karmic manipulation by and large in the human dance in their own ancestry.
But so far, this tournament has been dominated by performances from players who didn't start the tournament at the top of the marquee.
However, the euro's move so far does not seem to be out of line with fundamentals or long-term values.
However other countries are reporting less than 50 cases a week so far.
But so far it's unclear whether China's central government is ready to roll out consumer incentives to spur sales of electric cars.
So far, though, that doesn't seem to be happening, and tourists, especially design buffs, are trickling in.
So far, the allegations have failed to implicate the former NoW editor Andy Coulson.
But then such knowledge might perhaps be countered by the other side, in yet another lap of the Red Queen race.
But the most suspicious of all the evidence that has come to light so far, Orville, is the testimony of two men and a boy.
To this day no one knows if they survived and made it to the mainland or died in the icy cold water of the bay.
This may be a simple practical joke. However, naughty children may do something worse, like throwing rubbish in the neighbour's garden.
But I also had this information theft managers downgraded the ordinary members, the absence of any regulatory authority.
But Darges misjudged the "warm-hearted" Führer deeply during one conference at Rastenburg on July 18 1944 – two days before a bomb plot nearly succeeded in killing him.
A slim two-point increase in its vote, though, would be enough for a breakthrough.
I've got the colossal final book 'Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows' to finish off, and I'm going to university in September.
The city's festival committee, aware of the possible reaction from Merkel, may yet give her a bikini top.
However, the Germans did not always have tanks, but Panzergrenadiers and half-tracks were always there!
Rather than engaging in such power struggles, however, the German government should be helping Mr Streiff with his restructuring.
Mr Draghi's comments, however, for the first time indicate that the ECB is willing to intervene more aggressively than it has done so far.
Nevertheless, Robert Clifford, an analyst at Deutsche Bank, said the indications were "pretty positive" .
However, Deutsche Bank said the euro looks capable of extending its gains to near $1. 50, or 30 percent above purchasing power parity (PPP).
However, mounts Chu Fengge, what easier to let the human remember is Ouyang Xiu "Drunkard Pavilion Records" .
But getting up to New York, and indeed New England, is not unheard of.
When he left office, we had a sewer system and my babies wasn't sick anymore.
However, by the time the Israelites had walked half the way, the Egyptian king changed his mind and sent his army to try to capture them.
But it would be wrong to under-estimate the significance of this rapprochement between the two great powers of east Asia.
Nonetheless, the threat of the enemy provoked numerous changes on Coruscant in the name of increased security.
But for all Dubai's woes, the Gulf still needs a financial centre, a port, and a secure place to live, Mr Cooper points out.
Where property stock bulls should pause, though, is in being too hopeful for a reversal of government policy.
Earthquakes, however, are a part of global tectonics, a process that often changes the elevation of the land and its morphology.
Usually, the Imperials avoided rooting out trouble on Ord Mantell, since it really wasn't worth their while.
However, by the next evening, the river broke through the ice, and the water once again continued its thunderous tumble over the falls.
However, the ambitious restaurant on level nine and the escalator-connected walkways and viewing platforms are not.
However, the chief executive said in a statement that the deal had been an excellent opportunity that was undone by the fall in markets.
However computer models suggest that, if the rate of sea-level rise is reduced by the stabilisation or reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, wetlands could survive by accretion or migration.
Well, the TV producer did not think this was going to be a big deal; she was not digging this line of thought.
But it cleared Mr Strauss-Kahn of any abuse of authority and the fund judged that there was "no harassment" .
But results show that 32 percent of men have cheated at a wedding, while only 27 percent had strayed at the stag party .
But investigators are trying to determine what material he was able to get access to and what material he transferred.
Yet efforts by top athletes to wrest control away from the sports system have generally failed.
That said, the point of QE is to ensure moderate inflation in the future, rather than a slide into deflation and recession.
However, the gains in Shanghai were not enough to buoy the wider Shanghai Composite index.
However what Tokyo City makes namely one malign human, this area makes namely a witch.
'And yet, ' said Mr Dombey, 'you are two or three and thirty, I suppose? '
The rising pressure on the yuan would not be soothed, however, by the temporary and unsustainable deficit in March, said Dong.
The board did agree to $3. 6bn in bonuses to be paid out to other Merrill Lynch executives.
But boardroom fights, shareholder lawsuits and even fratricidal competition are the stuff of capitalism. Let the law take its course.
However, there is a flaw in the argument that the evolution of wheeled animals was thwarted by the insoluble joint problem.
But urban runoff and septic seepage are not always the main culprits behind microbial pollution.
However, I am afraid that readers do not know, "to the tea liquor on behalf of" the three countries began in Soochow of The Last Emperor.
Mr. Duggan's death, however, has become a forgotten footnote rather than any sort of cohesive rallying cry.
Short-term recovery is, however, not the same as long-term prosperity, and Fiat-Chrysler's prospects of achieving the latter look dim.
However this number may decrease the longer the fasting period is continued, to conserve protein.
They are, however, all good guides to specific aspects of Perl programming that you will appreciate on your bookshelf.
However, wagging a finger at Beijing is remarkably ineffective, as the Obama administration has found.
More telling still is to compare the foreign population of North America with that of Japan, by far Asia's richest large economy.
However, ceaseless probing into each other's minds can degenerate into playing games with each other's emotions.
But the breakdown of traditional family units, youth crime and binge drinking are a political hot potato for Mr Blair's government.
For young children who had never been on an airplane before, the C-5 seemed like a fearful prospect.
That's not a problem in the Fowler family. For one thing, there's not much of an estate to leave.
But all they told me was that it must have gotten lost during the delivery, and I should make a claim with the postal service.
But there is one small ray of hope for those despairing of human-rights improvements.
But, for every bit of encouraging news of one sort, recent weeks have also brought ominous news of another.
However, iceberg water could be extremely cheap for some countries when compared with desalination, a process which requires much more fuel and much more money.
However, there is a case for a degree of coercion with some vaccinations.
He did, however, provide an alternative for anyone who wanted to oust Heath, but couldn't bring themselves to vote for a woman.
Be careful of those with bogus claims, though: not all supplements will perform as claimed on the label.
But for the more musically literate vandal, an atonal barrage probably works better.
But for an enterprise of your size, an order from us will certainly not embarrass you financially.
Yet it is not a contradiction for young people to be more patriotic, but also more demanding and individualistic.
For others, though, maybe the pajama trend is born of allowing some aspects of our lives to fall by the wayside in favor of other, more important things, than our appearance.
For other people, though, the symptoms are usually no worse than a mild dose of flu. Not much for them to worry about, then.
Yet the validation of companies' conservatism may ultimately be bad news for the economy.
Yet for company employees this is not an option, no matter how staggeringly daft the course.
But a generic distaste for plastic can muddy our thinking about the trade-offs involved when we replace plastic with other materials.
But the lure of speed skating always remained for Hughes and she decided to return to her first love after the Sydney Olympics.
Despite those results, Americans said they felt less threatened by China economically than Europeans, with the exception of the British.
Fortunately for him, being a pop sensation gives you all the resources you need to stalk, threaten, and terrify a group of teen girls.
Still, the bank plan more than any other factor probably will be in the forefront of investors' minds.
For me though, hassle means more inconvenience than fisticuffs and I seem to be supported in this by most of the dictionaries I checked.
But for me, switching from being a night owl to an early riser (and yes, it is possible) has been a godsend.
But the real challenge to our notion of the “essential” father might well be the lesbian mom.
For most of us, though, banishing the nighttimeaxe-murderer is as easy as taking a relaxing bath and going to bed ontime.
Nevertheless, for many of us, these casseroles are as much a part of childhood as Halloween and jump rope.
For consumers, though, navigation and mapping applications will be the most obvious examples of the trend.
Nevertheless, for a kid, Christmas is the equivalent of a Wall Street trader's bonus.
But the impact on the Church in some countries (China, Vietnam or Myanmar) might be sharper.
However, both the 27-year-old Mr Bors and Mr Perkins, who is 22 years older, are most concerned about the prospects for the next generation.
To Obama fans, the "Yes, We Can" opener, seizing on his campaign refrain, could be a treasure.
Sceptical Poles, scarred by their dealings with suspicious, nit-picking bureaucrats, may take some convincing of this.
Professionally produced content, however, is likely to become much scarcer for those unwilling to pay for it.
However, for caged bearings that are oil lubricated, lower minimum loads are permissible.
It is difficult to generalize in an industry with dozens of different strategies and where individual fund performance varies so widely.
For investors full of anger and fear, however, benign neglect might be the best they can muster.
It does not exist in schools; but every adult who derives his knowledge of public affairs from the newspapers can take in, at the cost of an extra halfpenny, two papers of opposite politics.
But Mr Cooper’s book is by far the most cogent and reasoned of the modern-day “credit excess” school.
However, one concern people have with the use of recursive functions is the growth of stack space.
However, for the majority of the British public the eight months of the football season are more important than the four months of cricket.
Mr Medvedev, however, was sanguine about opposition abroad to the growing reach of Russian companies.
But to antitrust watchdogs, customer convenience is often less important than preserving a competitive landscape.
However, for Data Handlers the method input parameters do not include the protocol headers, so how do we access them?
With existing users of the service, however, changes need to be made judiciously so as not to disrupt their successful operation.
But it would also be a boon for business, including shipping and resource extraction.
Still, that can run into money for a heavy user or slow surfer.
More importantly from the point of view of space exploration, largeamounts of water were discovered at the bottom of the Cabeus crater.
But the mouse and monkey findings appear to mark the most substantial scientific progress yet in the search for ways to extend human life spans -- once viewed as a fringe area of study.
However for P supply, DAP was found superior source and rock phosphate tended to be equally effective source of P in acid laterite soil.
But given Mr Obama's race and charisma, a boring white man may be exactly what he needs.
But for those lonesome souls who'd prefer a more homely type of company, there is a number for that too.
But to any who still doubt whether partnerships between people can remake our world, I say look at the men and women who are here today.
But such downturns are more severe in countries with the Anglo-Saxon sort of financial system, because their lending is more procyclical.
Such risks, though, can seem less weighty to patients when their parents share the cost.
However, for systems in which a large number of processes are running, storing page tables in high memory can be enabled to squeeze more memory out of the low memory area.
But younger children are often merely trying to figure out a definition of the term.
But there was never an easy quid pro quo for ECB activism in return for new rules on European Union-wide fiscal discipline.
However, for other Web servers which do not implement HTTP compression, a commercial product might be needed.
not surprised that people like to jump on the bandwagon that Chinese steals everything, though.
But the beauty of the images, the power of the acting and the compulsive qualities of the drama are accessible to any engaged viewer.
Yet the plot line of 'Hangover II' may not come as a surprise to anybody who has visited the Thai capital.
An exception to this rule: Entry-level job seekers who have had internships that lasted less than a year.
But on the whole, many non-Muslims seemed to sympathise with their Muslim friends for being thrust into the limelight involuntarily.
However, there was no reference to the claims her 28-year-old NBA star husband has been unfaithful.
Nevertheless, emerging market sovereign bonds might just turn out to be the safest place for investors' money.
But, to me, the most fascinating insight is that for at least half of humans it truly does seem to be as blessed to give as to receive.
But there is an economic argument as well, one that Franklin Roosevelt understood when he promised to end Prohibition during the 1932 presidential campaign.
However, the West has been advocated multi-party system, the Vietnamese government yesterday again gave a strong negative.
But for "sexual assault case" itself, he said, do not know the truth, so do not stand and judge.
However, for the average user, clustering can be the most useful data mining method you can use.
But in an economy which has expanded at an average breakneck pace of 10 percent a year since 1980, what would be considered a hard landing?
But in the end there was no need for another monument to man who left two hundred or so films that say more about him than any monument could ever say .
But as for the local sandwich shop, it seems like this could be a bit more trouble than it's worth.
But, for the Italian crowd, this actually made the matches more exciting: you were playing against the referee but still winning!
But I think for getting over that final hurdle, I think we are a little bit away.
But they only begin to scratch the surface of the complexity and pitfalls associated with implementing transactions in the Java platform.
But for Preti , the student in London, Veronica Berlusconi 's indignant letter signified a stirring of change .
But that is hardly the only, or even the most striking, paradox of the modern Middle Kingdom.
But Aggarwal has nonetheless become an aggressive champion for a spice that Vasco da Gama brought back to Europe from his voyages eastward.
But apparently performing for the president was quite a frightening experience and her performance left much to be desired.
For the saver with a decade to wait, however, the numbers suggest stocks are indeed now less frightening than Treasury bonds.
However, the convergence of US and Chinese interest rates threatens to turn that into a loss-making proposition for Beijing.
Nevertheless, to gem, she does not have special hobby however, however off-the-peg design goes, do not importune must order do.
But the police, familiar with the business for generations, said they were surprised by the sudden rash of armed invasions.
Many musicians whose work does not reach the top of the charts, however, are not as sanguine.
But, thanks to the talented and prolific Jack Delano, and his astounding work for the FSA, we've got one hell of a shot here.
But thanks to one eager rock python we're going to see some things not advertised in the safari brochures.
But many smaller variants have been used by companies for years in designing products like cars and drugs.
When asked, however, most camp residents say they were left to fend for themselves when emergency stipends ended after six months.
Still, most U. S. companies seem to believe the rewards of lean production outweigh the risks.
Nevertheless, many experts believe that real potential exists to tap into islands of savant intelligence.
Buyers however, should be mindful that once the low is established, it could take up to several weeks before a new up leg is launched.
But Russia's new attitude could also spring from a realisation that the world really is changing.
But a fragment of skull, complete with bullet hole, which was taken from the bunker by the Russians and displayed in Moscow in 2000, appeared to settle the argument.
But later Kyodo news agency quoted Tepco as saying radiation levels around the plant had risen above permissible limits.
But there was no ice in the judge's chambers, so I did not get a chance to pass or fail that moral test.
However, French president Nicolas Sarkozy, who had flirted with the idea of a boycott after the March turmoil over Tibet, did attend.
but ferrari know , as does the rest of the paddock , that renault remain the team to beat
The Pharaohs are not the only genealogy however to participate in life extension practices.
But the court decided that the thousands of gay couples who tied the knot before the law took effect can stay wed.
However, the Tomato Garden rip of XP is still widely available all over the Chinese web, and is downloadable in just a few clicks.
But opponents have seized on another fish tale -- Mr. Goetschel's defense of the big pike -- to argue that a mandatory public defender could make for absurd results.
But the opposition is divided, and it was thrown further into disarray by Mr Kirchner's death of a heart attack on October 27th.
Yet the terms they would ordinarily include in these equations to represent particle masses violated the special symmetries .
However, the method level trace can be very useful as an adjunct to WebSphere tracing.
D. from the Pacific Western University. But Fang investigated further and noted that school was an unaccredited institution that the U.
But the boom has not lasted long enough to leave too much debt in its wake.
Still, real - estate agents and mortgage lenders are banking on first- time buyers to help stimulate the otherwise dreary housing market.
Yet, the panicked phone calls to estate agents suggest that the avalanche of new policies is having an impact.
It was listed for $500, but the landlord said I could have it for $350 if he maintained control of the closet for storage.
That said, a sustained drop in housing prices could spark its own displeasure.
However, in surveys, there was no connection between language usage and people's preference on Taiwan independence issue.
But illegal music accounts for a significant amount of traffic to Baidu and, until now, Google has not been able to compete.
However, unofficial services in special subjects often collect state as well as federal rules and regulations in a particular field.
Yet even this prompted a mini-controversy, the Italians flatly refusing to agree to trails of unadulterated green – the colour of the Libyan flag.
However, the rise of obesity is a major public health concern around the world, and one which we share, and the Jenny Craig acquisition allows us to help many of our consumers.
However, Ferber's imagined future, where radiation in food is a widespread problem, is yet to materialize.
But the lightning flash detected by Fermi appeared to have produced about 100 trillion positrons: "That's a lot, " he said.
Fite was more accustomed to dealing with farm animals, and to encounter a snow leopard was a marvel.
But Fisher had at best a slight influence on Roosevelt's decision. His reputation had fallen so far that even fellow academics ignored him.
However, analysts say that H.P. is at a disadvantage because the technology is unfamiliar and because H.P. lacks the sales reach of Xerox in this category.
Still, Gates's bespectacled nerdish visage is an integral part of Microsoft's image and his departure is symbolic, according to analysts.
Analysts, however, are skeptical that the rebels, who have waged a 25-year-long campaign for a Tamil homeland, can be vanquished militarily.
However in the end, analysts say that no amount of human preparedness is foolproof against the power of nature.
But analysts said the experience of the 1930s remains an indicator of what may be ahead.
But enlisting Ms. Yingluck as what he describes as his 'clone' seems to be a masterstroke, analysts say.
But the effect of such stimulus policies could subside in 2010, analysts say, even though China's overall economic growth has gathered momentum.
For now however, Analysts say the base can best be utilized for dropping food and supplies to the troops posted in rugged mountainous terrain, where troops still rely on mules.
But analysts say Iran is under massive pressure, giving the United States unprecedented leverage as the talks get underway.
However, analysts have questioned how much a role short covering has had in the current rally.
Analysts said the FOMC might still lower interest rates in October if economic indicators deteriorate or the financial market storm fails to abate.
Yet analysts struggle to see how Northumbrian can manage its operations more efficiently under alternative ownership.
But some investors, analysts argue, are simply being caught up in the euphoria surrounding precious metals investment.
But analysts think Sinopec wouldn't have proceeded with the Addax acquisition unless it had a green light from the Iraqi government.
But the team says there's more uncertainty about how lethal the virus is, because there have been relatively few deaths so far.
But the team says there's more uncertainty about how lethal the virus is, because there have been relatively few deaths so far.
The world champion angry bird, though, may well be the goshawk, a large raptor with needle-sharp talons that breeds in northern regions.
But Toyota's ambitious sales target for 2012 would outstrip the company's sales record of 8. 43 million posted in 2007.
But the company said it had achieved "favorable safety outcomes" and "secured safety rulemaking favorable to Toyota. "
But to accomplish that, he wants governments to "enact a heavy carbon tax, and cut payroll taxes. "
To start with the positive, though, Phoenix's landing seems to have been picture-perfect.
But the Fram easily withstood all this frightful squeezing and simply rose up, unharmed, from the depths of the ice.
Exports of services, however, maintained reasonably solid growth and should continue to do so throughout the rest of the year.
But Holmes fan Peter Stewart, 43, who organises detective book fairs, said: "I don't like the idea of a Sherlock Homo. "
But it is also creating new divisions within the Evangelical movement between a cosmopolitan establishment and the populist masses.
With complex, new-fangled debt instruments now discredited, making the case for financial liberalization will be tough.
However, copying collectors have the added cost of copying the data from one space to another, adjusting all references to point to the new copy.
But many on the rich list are politically well-connected and retain a residual ideological opposition to "western decadence" .
But Tian Shanting, who runs the museum's foreign affairs office, said the square footage was important.
still some novelty was necessary , to give to their return the piquancy with which i wished it to be invested.
However, when rolling Naomeng to keep calm and then got to match wits with the process, the biggest test of self-control and good judgment.
Unfortunately, the standard does not go further in clarifying the relation between user experience and usability.
But the state has a black spot, which dates back to 2002 and an outbreak of sectarian violence.
It added, however, that any Chinese attempt to invade with ground troops could likely still be repelled by the Taiwanese army.
However, the State Council did not give any details of the level to which it would be increased.
But designer Wayne Cherry (previously responsible the droop-snoot Vauxhalls of the 1970s) deserves most of the blame.
But the city also has excellent restaurants and a Salvador Dali Museum with a large collection of the surrealist painter's works
However, the Delegation would not see the need to turn the organization into an exclusively developed country oriented organization.
However, these simplified procedures do not apply where the estate consists of any interests in business or land.
But rapid growth in the region, particularly in and around Atlanta, has put pressure on its water supply.
However, it also credits her stardom as a key factor in boosting UK-based film production.
However, it said the bid was "incomplete, non-binding, subject to due diligence and a number of other conditions" .
But the company noted that 70% of its user base is now outside the U. S. , signaling a big chunk of the growth is international.
But the company also has in preproduction a hand-drawn Winnie the Pooh feature.
But couldn't this capability also be misused by the company to track a driver's whereabouts, or even help issue speeding tickets?
The decision to open an office in Montreal, however, was largely influenced by generous incentives from the Quebec government.
But the company has continued in business by using servers in countries beyond the jurisdiction of Swedish courts.
But it said it was "continually reviewing opportunities within the industry with a view to adding value for its shareholders" .
However, it was also made clear that, as the event was a private one, the firm itself was not liable.
However , the firm's existing IT systems were antiquated and could not even support the bank's existing corporate business adequately .
But bulking up on commercial real estate when times were good also is taking a bite out of the bottom line now.
The company's proceeds from such a film, however, will depend on striking a licensing deal with the singer's estate.
However, the company points out that national and regional subsidies will defray the cost of the car there and in Europe.
However, it exports more coal than any other country, and substantially more than Indonesia, the world leader in thermal coal, and Russia.
However, the opening of the flight, did not fare flights to Taiwan Han price too much space.
However, one big gap in its armoury is a licence to trade domestic securities and advise on local IPOs.
Still, the fourth quarter was ugly, as expected. Goldman's mammoth trading and principal investing results were its worst since the bond market turmoil of 1998.
However, the bank warned there were risks to recovery, including over-enthusiastic regulation of the financial sector.
But a series of shifts in the sector could start to erode that dominance, leading to big changes in the commercial aircraft industry.
However, in practice, there is still some work to do if the ideal goal is to be achieved and perfection to be realized.
The company believes, however, that there is more rational policy discussion taking place in Australia on the merits of the Chinalco deal.
However, it left the door open to Pyongyang rejoining six-party talks on the denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula.
But the patient's devout family believed in miracles and did not want to withdraw support.
Nevertheless, the employee went on to say the lure of doing business with Goldman would keep clients coming back.
However, when using the model for the 2008 European Championship, the forecast winner did not make it to the second round.
Nonetheless, the opening was one of the weakest for a major animated feature in years.
However, the community also queried whether the charge subscription newspaper market are likely to be minimal.
But the microphone and chip in the device sample the incoming sound and produce an inverted wave that cancels out just the sound of the drill.
Still, the data was not as bleak as financial markets had expected and offered the freshest sign that the intensity of the recession, now in its 17th month, was starting to fade.
The data, however, is unstructured to an analytical system because there is no meaning associated with it.
However, the filegroup can be different from that of the corresponding tables or other corresponding indexes.
But the team warned that Greece's attempts to boost revenues by clamping down on tax evasion were not meeting targets.
The prologue, however, only played in roughly 40 to 50 Imax theaters showing film, not digital, prints of the movie.
As for the color of the letters however it did cause me a tiresome trouble!
However, it's not just a matter of plugging an old PC into a network connection and starting it up.
Still, he he said a "tough, hard campaign" lies ahead in Afghanistan, "with its share of setbacks and heartbreak. "
But, by acknowledging that the US is equally responsible for the world's economic imbalances, he made his case without upsetting his hosts.
Yet Mr Geithner stopped short of endorsing hard and fast numerical targets that would set caps on external imbalances.
However, Gandhi's pacifism can be separated to some extent from his other teachings.
And, God be thanked, there hardly happens a duel in a year, which may not be imputed to one of those three motives.
But, thank to the PTES’ Hazel Dormouse Biodiversity Action Plan, this species is being reintroduced to the wild.
The Congolese government has refused to apprehend Ntaganda, however, saying that he is critical to the peace process.
This week, though, the bureaucrats unveiled a truly elegant plan to stay ahead of the competition: tax-free booze for everyone.
Yet occupancy and rental rates have started to pick up for prime properties.
But without enough land in the highlands to support the growing population, settlements soon became an issue.
The high-level navigation bar is still available, though, and you can move from that context back to an on-ramp context.
However, high unemployment is prompting many migrant-receiving countries to tighten immigration quotas, which would probably slow the growth of remittance flows.
Remarkably, however, high humidity's most noticeable side effect might be a misconception .
Tanner: . . . However, cheer up; we are going to have a day after your own heart. George Bernard Shaw
But then, it has been a very long time since Gorbachev actually had an aura of authority.
But then, Gorbachev never set out to become one of the founding fathers of modern Russia either.
Mr Gore is adamant that he does not want to run again. But will he be able to resist?
But the Gregorian calendar skips leap year on century years except those divisible by 400.
Still, he said the people he pulled aside to talk about the protest couldn't articulate a cause much less a cogent argument against inequality.
But Groce said that the drum tent had been a touchy area even for other exhibitors.
But Mr Green stressed he would work full-time and dismissed the concept of non-executive chairmen as a "misnomer" .
But did your reverence hear of the portent that was seen last night?
But isolation does not mean Chinese television is stagnating. On the contrary: it is progressing at a lunatic pace.
Nevertheless, in my view, the first job should be better to maintain at least half a year or more.
But individual and professional investors continue to plow money into the bond market, giving companies a constant source of funds to tap.
But, as regulatory and code officials become informed of its relative safety, ammonia "s use should be expanded. "
But the idea that countries would fight it out in space has so far been confined to science fiction.
However, countries are increasingly relying on astronomical calculations and observatories, leading to a more uniform start time.
Nonetheless, the miners were unanimous in their confidence in the longer term outlook for the copper price.
Nevertheless, lymphedema is not curable and will require treatment and ongoing care in all cases.
But it is the comedy - some of it very dark - that will stay in the minds of the audience.
According to an IAM news release, the "new contract is a dramatic improvement over the original offer. " It did not provide details.
But that's probably more accurate for the valleys - ridgetop temperatures could rise as much as 14 degrees Fahrenheit, according to research in the International Journal of Climatology.
However, contracts typically allow airlines to wriggle out of those deals with limited penalties.
However, depending on the severity of your operation, it might be appropriate to use much shorter or significantly longer service intervals.
But according to the Pew survey, less than half (48%) of America has ever heard of him.
But a new estate tax law allows Americans to give up to $5 million tax-free until the end of 2012.
But Britons spoken to close to Buckingham Palace, in central London, appeared unfazed by the potential cost of the ceremony.
But according to a recent study, simply walking across the road could be enough to give away her sexual prowess.
According to new research, though, there is “some truth” to the Freudian view that people have an innate incestuous inclination.
But unlike the addictive substances, there is no medicine to deal with compulsive gaming behavior, they heard.
Unlike the playboy with his jazz and art-filled pad, however, our boy rebel is a creature of the animal house.
However, emulated Wan Yu to learn so long needlework, the rich brocade speed up fulfilled the fascinating location of this technical skill.
The larger answer, however, is that extreme concentration of income is incompatible with real democracy.
But a deeper concern is the relentless strength of the yen, which hit postwar record highs against the dollar this week.
A bigger obstacle, however, might have been the European Commission's ponderous anti-trust process.
But more cynically-minded readers may come to the conclusion that this is, in fact, precisely the point.
But an even better plan also will insure your collection against total and catastrophic loss in the case of a fire or larger mishap.
But even more amazing is the windcatcher, a passive cooling device that has been used in Asia and the Middle East for many centuries.
Economists with a more monetary bias , however, are worried by the sluggish growth in some measures of the money supply and bank credit .
But even more surprising is that, IPO stagnation, long the dust-laden firms have begun to break through backdoor.
However, such a chore is essential to preclude security breaches, errors, and a poor user experience.
More intriguing, though, istheultimate cause, for he thinks it might be adaptive, rather than pathological.
What's even more interesting: fish larvae have anatomical features for detecting sound. But coral larvae have no such features.
Penrose tiling has, however, been widely used in the past for decoration, particularly by Islamic artists.
More importantly, it's impossible to intelligently speculate on an Internet company valuation 6-10 months out.
But he is better regarded as an escapee from India who made his fortune only after leaving the country as a young man.
Still, the shift in public diplomacy may mark a slightly broader approach towards what China perceives to be in its national interest.
The fact was that the young Duchess was in the tertiary stage of consumption and, only days after Marguerite's arrival, she succumbed.
Be fair -- make sure you haven't been giving the recruiter a moving target.
However, having a corporate fiduciary act as an honest broker during disputes can also leaven the impact on the family.
However, the agriculture industry has said the findings are based on old data, and that there has been a significant change.
But a career is like an open balloon. It remains inflated only as long as you keep pumping.
The staff were amazing and very helpful, they are the best part of this hostel.
However, in his spare time Jeff still continues his activities as a hacker because he considers it a way to expand his knowledge.
But Republican voters are fired up in a way that Democratic ones are not, in marked contrast to their gloomy mood in 2008.
Republicans, however, will have none of it, raising objections that range from the odd to the incoherent.
However, dogs can survive on a vegetarian diet as long as it contains sufficient protein and is supplemented with vitamin D.
But that can lead to impulse buying. Who knew how much those Chanel shoes were?
But estimates of their ages depend on theories of how stars live and perish.
However, as the moment for the girl's setting out drew nigh, when the first excitement of the dressing had passed off, a slight misgiving found place in Joan Durbeyfield's mind.
Only, Courfeyrac saw this change in Marius, that his taciturnity was of the beaming order.
However, the ancient Greeks and Romans used coins of a definite value like our dime or quarter.
However, the ancient Greeks and Romans used coins of a definite value like our dime or quarter.
Shareholders, though, continued to voice concerns at the widening gap between the wage increases of workforces and top executives.
But the advent of autonomous vehicles poses thorny legal issues, the Google researchers acknowledged.
Google is keen to emphasise, though, that the changes won't hit sites or apps who are light users of Google Maps.
In many ways, Google is still learning how to balance the conflicting demands of being both search-arbiter and market competitor.
However, neighbouring countries are encouraged to strengthen their active surveillance and preparedness systems.
The SSDs will sometimes fail as well, and the company is working on ways to ensure a foolproof wipe of stored data.
Yet it remains true that the coach is waiting impatiently for the chance to take his first trophy.
But shutting out Koryo for remaining impartial on the political rivalry between the North and South is a new step for Seoul.
The most revealing thing about maps of the past 1, 000 years, however, is the record of what the world's best informed people did not know.
But there is one thing about Juyi that does not quite chime with Wenzhou's reputation for rugged individualism.
But Mr. Richie made his biggest mark in his writings on Japanese cinema, and particularly its great postwar directors.
However, there is no a single comprehensive textbook on regenerative medicine suitable for teaching course on regenerative medicine.
But word of his efforts began spreading to other veterans, and soon, packages were arriving on his doorstep.
However, information regarding the basis for their decision on which tests to run, the kernel code covered, and stress levels attained are unpublished, which greatly reduces the value of the results.
The books he wrote about his art were, he said, a different matter; the reader had to make an effort to find out the information.
But officials say India will not publicly announce its plans to import food because this tends to drive up world market prices.
But they say they take the group's claim at face value and see it as another example of the "twisted ideology" of the militant Islamic group.
But it is far from silly to observe that, on the evidence so far, the rest of the world is doing quite nicely.
Observers say, however, that the deck is often stacked against defendants and their lawyers in China from the start.
Nevertheless, the visitor will not find it hard to locate the spots where the ancient traditions have sited the Agony and arrest of Jesus.
However, in their new works the tendency of individual freedom ethical narration is worth praising.
Still, Mr. Shealy, who runs an investment firm in Boise, Idaho, stuck with Mr. Tepper.
The curator of the show, Marion True, was not present, however, having been forcibly retired by the Getty trustees.
Photosynthesis, though, is so violently reactive that the catalysts involved break down every 30 minutes.
She knew the animal's size from the path it had left through the glossy undergrowth of mayapples, and that was enough to speed up her heart.
A bare recital of the novel' s themes gives no idea of its skill.
Your correspondent had no trouble using his little finger on his palmtop's six-inch touchscreen when the stylus went AWOL.
But the Congress Party is taking no chances, and is busy trying to cobble together parliamentary support to ensure its survival.
But Congress has consistently funded the U.S. mission in Afghanistan, and shows no inclination to halt that funding or interfere with the president’s conduct of the war.
But the IOC's rule can also work to Chicago's advantage, even if it's not deserving.
But under- or overinvoicing of trade within international firms is also used to dodge capital controls.
But the IMF forecast that the change in the surplus was only temporary, a determination it had made in April as well.
But Inter are ahead of us at the moment, while Palermo and Udinese are also good sides.
However, Mr Pinkston, at International Crisis Group, cautioned against writing Kim Jong-woon's political obituary prematurely.
However, the fact that Fifa has some rules governing transfers does at least set a benchmark for the industry.
However, INSEE’s five-month data show that a couple of sectors are doing better in austere 2009 than they were in rip-roaring 2008.
However, no report concerning the normal morphology of seminal vesicles on TRUS has been published in Taiwan.
However, the State Council, or cabinet, also made clear that its report was not an indictment of bullet trains.
But instead of putting in place more effective internal risk management measures, SASAC seems to be focusing on outsourcing the problem.
Statements made by representatives of Libya's new leadership in the past have not always turned out to be true.
But your memories of valiant deeds give you no rest and you decide to take up your lance and horse once again and set out adventuring.
But the era of excess was as much about policy blunders and regulatory negligence as about mistakes by financial institutions.
But over in just a moment, if you kill other people, you can also pick up his hair for Meritorious may experience.
However, Mr Hafeez warns "there is no free lunch" and investors should keep their wits about them.
Haley, though, is not optimistic that Western companies will be able to make much of a dent in the way China's real estate market operates.
But, Hamas has remained defiant, warning that it would turn Gaza into a graveyard for the Israelis.
But you should keep in mind that you should outrun one of your classmates each time.
Children, however, may be a bigger hurdle, since childcare 'is not among the duties traditionally expected of either princes or kings. '
Less than six years on, they seem to have reached a post-Soviet nadir.
within less than a second , however , the shell inflates into a full - fledged airplane with a six - foot wingspan
While it wasn't clear what changed after that date, the timing suggests it could coincide with Fonterra's disco ery of the problem.
It is unclear what the government can do, however, since foreign ownership of forests is legal in Japan.
Fortunately, our reporter kept on waiting and finally got a very close [intimate contact] with her.
At least he's provided you with a Manhattan apartment that looks like an Architectural Digest wet dream.
The good thing is he is the kind of person I respect or more specifically, venerate.
However, has his appearance fortunately, helped me for to fill up that chilly heart!
But major issues arise, such as the fact that Darwin did not know about self-organisation.
But still be glad there are Malay fans supporting me over there like you do, thanks!
But go back to what you feel that we learned from the Russians, because we had some fascinating conversations about this.
Nonetheless, a few general statements can be made: (1) incest is almost universally condemned and is usually viewed with horror;
It is possible to teach them to count, however, especially if they learn Portuguese while still young.
Do not pass or ask strongly to be in the toilet that has become small, mount bibcock of a shower, she sees she is impossible knowledgeably beforehand every day high bubble is in bath crock.
However, I ask you prawn Fangkuanxin. After all, who is not from this step slowly came?
But let the elder be passed over here for those under whose bodices the life throbbed quick and warm.
The fact remains, however, that if his comments bother you, he is creating a hostile work environment, whether purposely or not.
Mais there should be something you feel really important, it will lead out a direction, and life will be easier for you to control maybe.
But the commenters came at him anyway, attacking so viciously that they were actually starting to act like the evil twins of rabid Apple fanboys.
And yet there were many incidents like the one at the Black Cat that failed to ignite widespread anger and protest.
There were signs, however, that the affable linebacker on the United High School football team had a wild side: arrests for drunken driving and public drunkenness.
Keep in mind, however, that skin color, where you live and how much skin you have exposed all affect how much vitamin D you can produce.
But there point is not willing, I see some effect of breast came good, what brand are used for breast enlargement products?
But it is an open question, given all the genetic damage in a cancer cell, as to which type of damage would be the best marker of a tumor’s presence.
But there are other reasons why the BRICs might damage the global economic system, rather than buttress it.
There were only a few brave gossips, who said, "You may be certain that the mender on the Gagny road did not take all that trouble for nothing; he was sure that the devil had come."
But there's another kind of evangelizing at work too , involving a web of interests more focussed on Mammon than the Almighty .
After all, what would be more proper to wear with Petticoat breeches, than high-heeled shoes?
But a good rule of thumb is to think not of the color of the wine, but of its body and texture.
There's just one problem: She's learned that her husband isn't really all that adventurous of an eater after all.
But there is something else that has made congestion on the highway just a little worse.
But the bread knives tested by Dr Farnsworth, with their "sheep's foot" shaped tips often failed to pierce the skin at all.
But the Marine Corps are the first service to try to put those policies into action on the battlefield.
However, it warned there would be a serious retaliation in the case of a second bombardment.
However, South Korean officials were unable to say when would retaliate or how they could respond without triggering a war.
But Hank Paulson's Treasury studiously avoided accusing Beijing of "currency manipulation" , a term that carries legal implications.
Nevertheless welding as a manufacturing process must be considered a development of the twentieth century.
But what makes it an attractive place to live also seems to have a lot to do with its slower pace of life.
Airline stocks shed some of their gains on Wednesday as oil bounced up to about $117 after government data showed supplies fell last week.
Airline stocks shed some of their gains on Wednesday as oil bounced up to about $117 after government data showed supplies fell last week.
But astronauts sleep less soundly; 16 sunrises a day throws a major wrench into their circadian rhythms.
However, behavioural addiction is a health issue that needs to be taken seriously by all those in the health and medical profession.
But planetary scientists have begun to appreciate that the escape of gases plays as big a role as the supply.
However, going is hind Lyu view slightly come along a reign lightly one Yi deeply, lightly the assistance clasps up the old man's hand.
However, there is no doubt that LabVIEW has many advantages which for many purposes outweigh the disadvantages mentioned above.
But there's no doubt that economic pressures alone will produce a shift eastward.
Yet there can be no doubt that this second bail-out must be the last of its kind.
But a good lover is always solicitous of their beloved’s pleasure, and ensures their partner takes as much from the boudoir as they do themselves.
The good news is that conservationists are beginning to make some headway, both legislatively and with public opinion.
But Hollywood executives fear the glut created by the recent spate of overproduction is going to be felt for at least a couple more years.
But the funny thing is, daft, one-off card with a stupid picture and a deranged verse it might have been.
But the good news is, you can snip them right off, and immediately your hair will look healthier.
But the good news is we have also found that tiger populations can recover.
"But it is questionable how quickly and how much of that will happen. "
This compares favourably, however, to the seven European countries with a negative outlook just three months ago.
But, like all the other buttons on the mattress, it was tied down tight.
But despite a widespread misconception to the contrary, the factoring problem is neither known nor believed to be NP-complete.
Unlike most other central banks, however, the Federal Reserve does not have general statutory authority to oversee these systems.
Unlike the other suicide plunges, though, this one had a goal that was as much practical as it was purely scientific.
In contrast to many speakers, he said he was not concerned about over-regulation but about a return to business as usual.
But Ms. Lu shared more prosaic pleasures and worries with other Chinese students studying in Boston.
Yet unlike Mr. Jobs, a showman famous for wowing crowds with new products, Mr. Jandali prefers to remain in the background, he and others say.
But It is unaccustomed to me to live with a person that like acting in night and sleeping in day!
The Dutch, however, found a way of improving the drink by removing part of this fat.
Work by Marten Scheffer of Wageningen University in the Netherlands, however, suggests they might not need to.
The Netherlands, however, again failed to live up to its billing as one of the most fluent attacking teams of the tournament.
But Hefner says he does not resent the upstarts that made his once raunchy publication look tame.
But for now many Poles are seeking comfort in candlelight vigils and in church services.
But a lot of people take Friday as a holiday, so they can stay at home and rest after thanksgiving.
However much one may loathe the idea, a private-sector financial mania will finish up as public-sector pain.
So with the right planning and enough forethought, academics can enjoy financial stability and a comfortable, if not prosperous, retirement.
However, many of the protesters say that beef deal fits a much wider pattern of disregard for public opinion by the Lee government.
Yet many investors talk of China's prospects in a way reminiscent of the tech and real-estate bubbles.
But many doctors and nurses alike say that patients, too, should be vigilant for anything new or unusual about their own bodies.
However, good added the sleep, and also benefit to the hereafter the day to faint the murk study of ground.
The Aborigines, however, had been leading a peaceful, bountiful existence on the coast and the ranges long before.
However, careful configuration of the hardware is likely to be needed to obtain optimal performance.
Unfortunately, however, Americanized versions of these ethnic foods tend to be much higher in fat and calories – so caution is needed.
But a proclamation was soon issued, to forbid it upon pain of death.
It's going to become very handy pretty soon because we are going to see curl.
It quickly became clear, however, that Colonel Qaddafi was no ordinary Arab leader who would live by the conventions of international behavior or decorum.
But soon, the band's friends - the band's drummer armor Wang joined the frost eve of rehearsals.
Soon he was able to change the tire. But he had to get dirty and his hands hurt.
However, I soon remember that Master Zhenlin taught us before the Shurangama Mantra is the best talisman.
Nevertheless, it is clear that genetic susceptibility to stuttering is complex, multifactorial, and heterogeneous.
Still, it's easy to write a piece of glue code that picks up events from the provided StAX interface and drives a SAX ContentHandler.
Although few data sets are as of dubious a provenance as Westling's data on penile length, a fact he cheerfully acknowledges.
But there is little doubt that there was a gleam in the Mavericks' eyes Wednesday.
Still, few believed that anything could survive after lying dormant for so long.
However, it should be clear that not running the kernel inside the emulator means the overall behavior could be quite different indeed.
Still, it is clear that this is the early stage of adoption when many cell owners do not know what their phone can do.
Also it will be provided by illumination. Unfortunately the watch One Line is just a concept.
But it’s worth stepping back to look at the larger picture, namely the abject failure of an economic doctrine — a doctrine that has inflicted huge damage both in Europe and in the United States.
However, the Reds' vice-captain admits he couldn't turn down the opportunity when Italian tactician came calling this time around.
But even with those raises, labor still accounts for a very low percentage of its costs, Hon Hai says.
However, I came to understand later that anticipation could somehow be altered by the power of thought.
But a power struggle later that year between the two men led to Mr. Arnold's departure.
Eventually, however, the anti-Keynesian counterrevolution went far beyond Friedman's position, which came to seem relatively moderate compared with what his successors were saying.
A. He changed his mind when he realized that he had nothing against the Mexican people.
But now they plunge the cross in, and the air echoes with an extraordinary din.
But then he actually got a book out of it, along with prime placement in Heathrow's bookshops.
But then I remembered that what passes for hot chocolate in the U.S, even at high-end coffee shops, tends to be cheap cocoa powder mixed with milk, or worse, water.
But then I found in the Bloomsbury Dictionary of Contemporary Slang a very similar entry supposedly dating from the 1980s in Britain.
But then somebody told me there's a Good Witch and a Bad Witch, and with my luck, I'd end up getting picked to be the good one.
Later, when I visited the Disneyland in Tokyo, I was no longer impressed -- it's just a copy of the American one.
As it turned out, my error didn't matter, because Bob Dole would decide to kill any health-care reform.
But everything went smoothly since then and you also walked out of the bottom of your life.
But during the years of the Nurses' Health Study, detailed data on food and alcohol consumption were collected at regular intervals.
But the worried question around Washington now is: to what degree lower prices will crimp investment in renewables and efficiency.
However , China did not reveal the bank to issue bonds and the maturity of the bonds .
A blade with hook and a pole with wire are the living fossil of Song spear.
Then again, Kerry was never the passionate orator, showman-entertainer or, for that matter, savvy politician that Moore is.
But then there's always the chance that Beijing regulators or Chinese courts may some day sit up and try to rein in this unruly company.
But if you don't know who to trust, who can you trust with your money? In short, is there an investment portfolio for the truly paranoid?
But having semantics and knowing all relationships between the data is not enough to do that.
After all, if I really were born there, then I would lose what is called "Genuine" , and I would have nothing to be proud of.
None of these factors, however, can sustain strong growth past 2010 without a self-sustaining cycle of private spending and income growth.
But then again, any project attempting to tackle such an ambitious challenge is going to be expensive.
Still, the slow opening of RMB trade seems to correspond with a desire to gradually loosen the renminbi's peg to the dollar.
However, from another perspective, the new directive might also be effective to upgrade the toy industry, "Forced. "
But he has also said he would sell the stores to GOME, possibly in return for equity, in order to increase his stake in the company.
But some of Huang's original capsule tenants have trouble grasping the usefulness of the luxury capsules.
Luckily, it turns out Cinderella has a fairy godmother, who uses her magic to hook Cinderella up with a ride, a beautiful outfit and a pair of what would seem like grossly impractical glass heels.
However, the two sides appear to have made progress after returning to the bargaining table.
However, the broader the scope of such a law, to be applied retrospectively, the more likely it is to create a legal minefield.
But, in retrospect , it marks the last time that China sends troops into a foreign country in anger.
But if it is serious about beefing up its software and services activities, HP may have to make sacrifices elsewhere.
However fire is caustic to human life, and therefore would be considered more of a natural disaster than a large rainstorm with wind.
But there'll have to be a huge transfusion of talent before the Rockets can even begin to think of winning a championship.
However, they consume a huge amount of power as they claw their way up through the Earth's thick atmosphere.
Okay, maybe ‘we’ are –but don't be smug until you play the game.
Yet perhaps attention should be directed to forced sales through foreclosures because these swamp all other factors.
But perhaps in the future even a written claim of innocence could turn out to be a de facto confession.
But beating the Taliban will take much more, not least extending the writ of the weak and corrupt Afghan government.
The influence may have gone the other way, too: as artists perfected their realist techniques, the whole culture had to commit to a more detailed idea of what their incarnate god looked like.
However, given Yao's work ethic, if doctors clear him to return to the floor, that's exactly what he's going to do.
On the positive side, though, the year saw a bumper crop of unusually illuminating books of reportage.
Still, even if the Bradford Batman was really the Joker, it didn't stop pictures of him causing a frenzy on the internet.
Yet the archaic language and high-flown verse, while inspiring, can also be difficult to understand even for educated Arabic speakers.
But even if he had not been cast as a heroic figure in Kentucke, residents of Kentucky would still honor him as that state's frontier hero.
Still, you may be right, she has no manners, but she'd make an attractive mistress all the same.
He has lasted longer than Konchesky, though, given the defender has been shipped off to Nottingham Forest on loan.
Even so, trade is collapsing and an insidious protectionism is on the rise (see article).
Even then the next few weeks and months are almost certain to be frustrating, dangerous and messy.
But even an idiot such as me can see that money, as a whole, doesn't really seem to be working any more.
His obsession with music didn't prevent him from indulging in his other favorite activities: sports and cards.
Yet, even for those brands that are measured on financial criteria, this was a year of relative resilience.
However, the health benefits of running, even at extreme distances, outweigh the risks of not running at all.
But it is possible that even this would fall on private investors and sovereign wealth funds.
Even he, however, did not conceive of the idea of melting that ice by human agency.
Yet even loyal Russian analysts are keen to stress that this does not mean a fundamental shift in priorities.
However, even using this special quota you may have to wait a day or so before there is a berth available to your chosen destination.
However, even then how farsighted , dished out a big stick in mind the value of literature, literature network would not killed.
But even from the beginning, the aim was to create an interdisciplinary platform for executives to mingle with others.
But even the flock wallpaper and stag heads could not damp Ms Marshall's spirits at surviving for three seasons .
What’s different is that, even as we dream up what’s next, we face the classic innovator’s dilemma: should we invest in brand new products, or should we improve existing ones?
Lucy is still fit as a fiddle and catches mice in the garden.
Not that this makes her an any less forceful presence in my life.
However, the outgoing finance minister, Ivan Miklos, said the plan could still be approved by the end of the week.
Yet even if the fiscal rope is not infinitely long, slashing deficits now would be wrong.
However, even if a political agreement is reached on closer budgetary integration, it will not provide a solution to the crisis, especially in the short term.
But even half a century of Arthur C. Clarke has not been able to shake Sri Lankans' obsession with astrology.
Obviously it will take awhile for slow moving corporate IT departments to jump on board, even if they choose to do so.
But that is a distant dream even with his wife's salary of CNY30, 000 a year as a provincial government accountant.
But even with more than a century and a half of observations, many unresolved questions remain about the farthest planet from the sun.
Even if a slowdown is happening, however, it is less a portent of a double dip than confirmation that the recovery will be a long slog.
But if the police are right to be cautious over the use of crowd-control weapons, they seem to have been slow to react in other ways.
Snoras still seems to have enough money to repay personal customers without recourse to the deposit-insurance fund.
But even without any sort of view, the convent seems a nice spot to be a nun.
Even without the north-south divide, however, Vale might have had a hard time putting its stamp on its new acquisition.
But even with less of its habitat being destroyed the spotted owl population has yet to bounce back.
But even if tort reform could save the country several billion dollars a year, that is still just a sliver of overall health spending.
If anything, the obscure details of his interior life paint a subtler, more nuanced portrait of how one of the finest technology minds of our time grew into the dynamo that we remember him as today.
But even observers who think Mobile will persevere with TD-SCDMA say it will be a challenge.
But even academic advocates of this approach conceded that it is politically untenable.
But notwithstanding all nicety of calculations, the real course of Uranus would not at all agree with the one computed.
But it is proving increasingly difficult for even the most silver-skeptic money managers to remain impassive.
But America's oil output is already growing, for the first time in decades, despite Mr Obama's supposedly ruinous policies.
But even if investors vote against over-generous boardroom payouts, companies are not obliged to take their views into account.
Still, even if I hadn't changed, I did not expect to feel that I could happily go back to hanging out with these people.
But even if a woman manages to file a police report and her accuser is charged and the case goes to trial, there's another hurdle.
But even in these countries, tobacco use remains high in lower income groups and disadvantaged populations.
But even in this "concertinaed" timeline - extending millions of centuries into the future, as well as into the past - this century is special.
Yet even if, in spite of that avalanche of nominations, this doesn't happen, perhaps it won't matter all that much.
But even then we often do not know God well enough, and that's when doubt and anxiety can settle in, replacing serenity and trust and peace.
Yet even if politicians take their eyes off the ball at their feet, they have their sights firmly set on an ambitious horizon.
But even a tiny sliver of the nation's giant population could be a lucrative new market for a luxury name.
But even if it lifts its holding to the maximum, it will not qualify for a seat on Rio's board.
But in the 1950s, the old enemies of France and Germany began to rethink their habit of periodic wars.
But if Jamie could somehow hide it instead – store it in the basement freezer, maybe – then...
Indeed, the first rule of extreme right-wing movements is to not offend national sentiments.
But with the disease now in remission for more than two years, Michael has 95 percent probability of a life cure.
But by synthesizing imposter messengers, scientists have been able to block the activity of some of the body's natural couriers .
Sherman soundly defeated Hood in several engagements and occupied Atlanta early in September 1864.
Within minutes he had returned with his men, and had taken 1400 Royalist prisoners, including the two colonels - for the second time.
Still, after a few minutes I felt confident enough to don the head-mounted display and begin my virtual trek.
Yet down through the centuries there have always been Julian Assanges too, arguing that secrecy is in itself bad.
But the policy has almost certainly reduced fertility below the level to which it would have fallen anyway.
Yet, almost all political and legal experts who specialise in the European Union believe a fiscal union is Utopian.
Some years ago, however, the economists David Autor, Frank Levy and Richard Murnane argued that this was the wrong way to think about it.
Still, several huge luxury yachts made in Europe loom over the fishermen's boats across the water.
After only a few days of training, the monkeys showed a clear preference for choosing the informative colored target.
But a few days later Lord Browne publicly confirmed that, as expected, he would be stepping down in 2008.
However, this technique isn't magic -- it can't add detail to the silhouette.
The practice of cosmetic surgery per se is not a good reason to be concerned about the particular culture of use we see among us.
But advances in technology enabled sugar to be spun, aerated, softened and flavored in new ways, and sold cheaply.
The technology is not excellent also nevertheless, can be very dilettante opinion only.
Yet given that the French are tired of their abnormally hyperactive and mercurial incumbent, being normal could be an asset.
Fifa cannot, at least, be accused of some shadowy conspiracy when seeding is always at the core of its regulations for tournaments.
But since the city has yet to spend its stimulus allocation, it could opt for a year-round effort to target the most isolated teenagers.
But since he had come he meant to wait; and he sank into a chair and stretched his feet to the logs.
But I don't have to tell you that being a true man of the West, as you are.
But since Prudence has told you everything, you'll have to agree before and not after. Do you love me enough to say yes?
But now that the invasion has been concluded, we can all surely be permitted to rejoice at the death of the most monstrous, bizarre, and evil State in many centuries.
But readers who are both doughty and patient will be rewarded with a glimpse of physics at its quirkiest and most illuminating.
The succession question, however, has been a drag on the stock. Many investors worry that Buffett can't be replaced.
Yet it is simply unfair to continue to force young people to participate in a compulsory retirement program when they could do a much better job of preparing for their own retirements.
But planning for that broadcast was interrupted by the strike, so the video was instead shown on his fifth-anniversary show in January.
Nevertheless the reporter discovers the phone that comes round to order goods is ceaseless still.
But, remember, Deng Qiang, it's not advisable in the long run. After all it's not our goal.
Keep in mind, however, that this study only looks at the fatigue and energy creation benefits of exercise.
But in California at the time, it must have seemed like wave power was on the verge of a breakthrough.
But Canadian takeover rules treat poison pills more harshly than U. S. regulations.
But Canadians do not like their police to be trigger-happy, even with "non-lethal" weaponry.
Serving Garlic Mashed Potatoes and Baked Acorn Squash will bring them back to earth.
However, the particular calculation that went into the element contents is contained as an attribute of the tag.
Still, household savings are high. Because China has a flimsy social safety net and underfunded public services, people salt money away for their old age and to pay for medical bills and school fees.
Nevertheless, we might beunwilling to transact at all without some guarantee that the services wereceive meet a minimum quality threshold.
But said after they are in a sexual relationship, it brings with it the promise of commitment and a potential father to any child.
But, if you raise yourself to a higher level, you ll have it permanently and you can only come up all the time.
But if you're not ready to squeeze into shorts or a leotard and grunt through an hour of jazzing or kickboxing, don't despair.
But if God really is multi-purpose, and he then has satisfied my desire in a little while, then, I bring first he to catch the wind.
But if what he writes is rubbish, he's never going to be set free near a camera or notepad again!
But wait, one more thing, if i got that magic time-turner and i could go back in time, which moment would i want to return?
But if Lil Wayne is to be taken seriously, it needs to be pointed out that his “one in nine” figure is inaccurate-it is true only of black men aged 20-34, not black Americans in general.
Yet, had little Pearl never come to her from the spiritual world, it might have been far otherwise.
But suppose we restrict ourselves to talking about the deficit, and ask: What happened to the budget surplus the federal government had in 2000?
However gifts from alumni to schools are flat or down in many cases, Jarvis said, so tuition bills are not likely to shrink.
However, drivers should avoid overly rousing tunes or complex rhythms which can divert attention away from the road.
Nevertheless, supervisor after the event falls in the condition that does not violate discipline, can understand the situation of the exam to invigilate personnel;
"Geyser" , however, reveals a sharp artificial ability, which interprets a concept of energy consuming and transforming.
Nevertheless, it was unclear how challenging the targets would be, or how much of a dent the proposed reductions would make in total US emissions.
Cambodia also, however, has abundant, cheap labour and benefits from preferential tariffs extended to it as a "least developed country" .
but wang got the next batter , johnny gomes , on a called third strike with a fastball on the outside part of the plate.
But meeting a real Harry Potter can be a little puzzling for the kids.
However, given the number of times Saleh has backed out of resigning in recent weeks, some opposition leaders said they remained skeptical.
But with most OECD countries facing gaping budget holes, finding the money to retrain the unemployed can be a challenge.
But with the U. S. raising the specter of a default on its 'risk free' debt, it makes sense for China to explore other options.
But it is difficult to see policy makers pushing sales quickly since the housing market is still on shaky ground.
But it has been greeted with scepticism in the financial community, with just months remaining in the current government's mandate.
But we shall re-examine this position in view of the representations made to us during the consultation period.
however, in light of these issues, we will respectfully refrain from comment or further actions at this time.
However, there was some scepticism among economists about how Beijing would achieve this, given the high levels of stimulus for industry.
Converting it from the proprietary Ink format to an image format like PNG does require a few tricks and a call to the server.
However, melding the diverse parts of the business model would be a challenge.
Yet focusing so much money on residential mortgages, and thus homeowners, seems to do just that.
Transplanting that into a patient, however, would risk provoking an immune reaction, since the muscle cells are foreign tissue.
However, the capacity to translate such a broadly defined vision into products and processes is often a genuine competitive advantage.
However, a lower price would not mitigate integration risks, which still weigh heavily on investors' minds.
The quid pro quo, though, might be the departure of Mr Albanese less than two years into his tenure.
But traders rejoiced, with one TV pundit calling Mr Bernanke a "rock star" .
However, the trainers told me that I learn fast. The staff praised me saying I was a "child prodigy . "
However, parish priest Don Antonio Colombo said there was no question of the pair being barred entry in future.
However, one person close to the coalition said such a highly controversial move would only be examined if the Libyan leader steps down.
But then I saw that he had a bit of black powder on his fingertip.
But Jim Jeffrey leaves no doubt the White House is concerned that Russia wants to expand the conflict even further.
However, Jay wittily placed photos of his mom all over the MV, in a way, letting his mom star as the MVs female lead.
But the high sucrose content of orange juice attacks the enamel on your teeth and can increase the risk of Type 2 diabetes.
However, the outcome will depend at least in part on what valuation bankers decide to place on AIA.
Closer 'On my Feet', however, offers a glimmer of hopeamong the detritus: "I just gotta get back on my feet. "
It was shown only on Shanghai television, along with a painfully slow feed relayed through the internet.
But CFLs couldn’t be dimmed, they were fragile, and they produced a light that had all the warmth and appeal of skim milk.
But there may be a way out. Though it sounds bizarre, mixing water into the fuel helps it to burn better.
An announcement at a meeting of the American Association of Physicists in Medicine, held in Minneapolis in July, could change this, however.
However, the top three picks this year are Cavaliers, Timberwolves, Jazz all do not seem to Canterbury's first choice.
The reform initiatives, however, have helped to halve that premium so far this year to 11 per cent.
But after the KMT retook power in Taiwan in May on a platform of improving cross-strait ties, the door was flung open.
But now companies might be wise to consider field-testing their wares in New York City.
But today is strange, his head as if to a much heavier, walk along a road to come on.
The waves aren't very big, but I can at least try out my new surfboard by catching some little waves.
But the content today is too simple, trained nothing but only boxing. Just learnt general vertical fist, straight blow, elbow and hand tool.
However, today' s audience research does not seem to continue such achievement, but lack in breakthroughs of new theory on the whole.
But today was quite different. I'm going back to Auckland today and I've got to be out of the bed by seven.
But I'm here today to say that difficulty is no excuse for complacency. Unease is no excuse for inaction.
However, today a president could play an important role in restoring stability to monetary policy and the value of the dollar.
But this should be a big day for all people living in the meningitis belt.
Instead of spilling brew, ballot chads, or blood, I’ll celebrate by sharing 18 lessons I’ve learned over the years from the harsh schoolmistress named Experience.
However, this summer's market swings are now blowing apart many of these cosy assumptions.
But there is an air of triumph among some of Kim Dae-jung's former confidants.
But the inexorable rise in the price of gold indicates a large number of investors are seeking a safe haven beyond fiat currencies.
But Phil Orlando, equity strategist at Federated Investors, says the Berkshire buyback alone isn't enough to improve investor morale.
Yet what has happened since the financial tsunami does matter, even if it is too early to say how it will affect long-term trends.
This will be offset in part by an increase of spreads among the survivors of the financial market crisis .
But gambles taken in the fog of a financial crisis can also prove horribly misguided.
Merely ingesting psychotropic flora and fauna, though, might not be enough to set off a mass zombie apocalypse.
But simply getting CICC's shares listed could unlock enough value to cover over the company's warts.
The witches who limit their work to healing often ask for a small donation of a few dollars.
But almost immediately, it was clear that this observation wheel would be a keeper.
But I had the presence of mind to go back and talk to one of the techie kids at my center. I said, "Hey man, what is eBay? "
But although the word first laundry came into English in 1530, it didn't mean what I mean here until 1916.
But while Bolivians have lived off it for centuries, quinoa remained little more than a curiosity outside the Andes for years, found in health food shops and studied by researchers — until recently.
However, despite having Australian citizenship and maintaining a home there, Mr Kith Meng has "mixed memories" from his youth in Canberra.
But while chengguan have a particularly bad reputation, they are not the only ones accused of abusing their positions.
Despite the deadly violence, Senator Hillary Clinton, a Democrat from New York, said she was cautiously optimistic about Iraq's future.
But, for all the simple certitudes beloved of today's publishing industry, there are some very big "ifs" along the way.
While that revision trimmed third quarter GDP growth, analysts said it helps lay the groundwork for future production.
For all its cathartic importance, however, Mr Mubarak's trial must not be allowed to obscure the guilt of other former officials.
But even as Toyota built up the revs, all has not been well.
But although risk aversion may be a factor, describing the dollar as a "safe haven" seems dubious.
But as harrowing as the Fukushima debacle has been, it hasn't dimmed the hopes of nuclear technologists, suppliers and manufacturers.
And though it is an American corporation, Google has no obligation to share even vital information with the U. S. government.
But while the sum is huge, it is not in and of itself threatening to the solvency of the Republic.
Regardless, Wall Street looks likely to lose the IPO crown, but at least some are able to ride the IPO dragon.
As the old ruling circle has turned against him, even threatening him with imprisonment, he has boldly refused to bow out.
But it's less symptomatic of India's ambition to unleash cutting-edge innovation, he says, as much as its desire to tap into a new market.
But in spite of her firm tone old Catherine did not wholly recover her former attitude toward life.
Li, despite limited asset-management experience, was able to continue the pursuit on his own due to his strong cash position.
But despite its bad rep, sugar is almost certainly not the cause of your weight problems, and if your weight-loss plan is focused just on limiting sugar, you're missing what really matters.
Nevertheless, amidst all this hustle and bustle (you're also reading and writing more than usual), try to take some time on Friday the 24th to ponder how to establish better relations with others.
But even with the late year snow storms, the National Retail Federation says the 2010 holiday season is shaping up to be one of the best.
But despite occasional appearances to the contrary, the United States continues to have both vital interests and influence in Latin America.
That said, however, it is critical that Washington not play a tit-for-tat game with Chinese investment.
Despite those, the agreement among the leaders reflects a renewed willingness to have closer economic ties.
All that said, we are living in one of the most volatile economic periods the world has seen.
Yet even though a third of the apartments were still unsold, there have been no buyers since the government announced its April clampdown.
Yet while pig-breeding seemed a smart move a year ago, it does not appear quite so lucrative now.
But though he arduous law invent one " harvester " , ruler of kingdom scorn he and invention of him for with princess behind the ant.
But while the WikiLeaks videos of soldiers shooting journalists from a helicopter in Iraq might qualify, the broadside disclosure of 250,000 cables from around the world would not.
Still, our overall credit risk metric, while better than two years ago, places Italy among the riskiest private corporate sectors.
Yet despite our collective best efforts, one year on, the capital markets seem to be reverting to business as usual.
However, despite such closeness in our relations, many American friends still do not know the true China.
But while we have national campaigns against drunk driving and speeding, there is no outcry against driving while sleepy.
But by now I haven't known if the manager will be satisfied with my work and how much the fee will be even though I believe myself.
Yet even though wedding budgets have been scaled back, the cuts are less than you might have expected.
And for all the change in the news, our top-rated shows remain American Idol and crime dramas, as they have been for years.
Though forbiddingly dry, the Simpson Desert has aquifers and floodplains that make parts of it ideal livestock-grazing country.
But some economists, while worried about the long-run deficit, think economic growth should take precedence.
But while some were tempted to liken the past few days to the depths of the financial crisis, investors pointed out key differences.
However, while there had been a strong rebound in mobile chip shipments, demand for its enterprise microprocessors remained weak.
But while Collison already might be the team's fastest player, his jumper still needs a lot of work.
But despite its many champions, the book has slipped in and out of print, never quite catching on with a wider audience.
Yet despite this unseemly outpouring, the biggest problem of all - mental health - remains tight shut.
However, while some still envisage the need for handouts, the economic downturn has limited other parents' options.
Yet despite his often strained ties with Chancellor Angela Merkel, Mr Sarkozy seems to find it hard to resist taunting her.
What she lacked in management jargon, however, she more than made up for in empathy.
But despite the dramatic end to his time with Hitler, he would still hear nothing against "the boss. "
But though it’s the work of a prodigy, it’s also, like all camp letters, a homesick cry for attention.
But, while that could be a welcome spin off of the growing strength of that country, China's ambitions lack any element of altruism.
And yet even with this obscure procedure over 20 percent of Californians have signed up to be organ donors, which is fantastic.
But while animal rights in China are improving, life for much of its human population remains largely nasty, brutish and short.
But while Beijing has a grand plan for the greening of China, the country's trash pickers are decidedly not part of it.
Despite the prohibition, the texts were sought out by the growing number of Renaissance scholars who were part-scientist, part-theologian and wholly curious about the way the Universe worked.
But the experience of recent months has been enlightening in a way that only a novelist whose books are occasionally banned can appreciate.
But there have been concerns in Washington in recent months that Pakistan has not been doing enough to go after extremist and terrorist elements in the rough terrain near its border with Afghanistan.
But in recent months Quadrangle and Rattner have been linked to the corruption probe by Cuomo into the pensions industry.
But many retail-style camping tents -- some purchased at nearby stores -- have begun popping up in the Lower Manhattan park in recent days.
However, intercepts of Aeon communication signals seem to indicate that Princess Rhianne is attempting to steer the Aeon in a new direction.
However, neighboring Thailand and other ASEAN countries, they urge the Myanmar armed conflict can quickly subside.
However, in recent years Linux has proven to be a stable and versatile operating system; consequently, its market share has grown.
More recently , however, cyclic GMP- independent pathways have been discovered which can account for certain biological actions of NO .
But recent studies have found large changes in cues and behavior when a woman is at this stage of peak fertility.
However, the recent rising unemployment does not seem to have given rise to increased emigration.
however , it is now proposed that the conversion of neutron stars to strange stars is another possible origin of gamma - ray bursts.
But so, these days, are stacks of cheap Chinese goods—shoes, toys, crockery and clothing.
But officials have seen firsthand evidence in recent days of the potential benefits of a Treasury purchase program.
But these days a new language can be heard in the commercial babble: Chinese.
"But going into next year, China will outstrip the U. S. market continuously. China is going to be larger every quarter. "
A closer look, however, raises several red flags that regulators haven't been able to address satisfactorily.
But Keiko Takemiya, dean of the manga program at Kyoto Seika University and a famed manga artist, said there were differences.
However, the precision technology of photovoltaic industry is still full of confidence, intends to continue the expansion of cultivation.
However, the precise measurement is not to rely on the sun, but by a stellar altitude and azimuth for measurement and reckoning.
However, psychiatrists say the suicides cannot be explained as a simple consequence of labour conditions at Foxconn.
The delirium was not fixed, however; having weaned her eyes from contemplating the outer darkness, by degrees she centred her attention on him, and discovered who it was that held her.
But people with schizophrenia do not respond this way, which implies that their brain circuits reliant on NMDA receptors are out of kilter.
Paranoia however was the largest symptom of a food source that failed to meet the nutritional needs of the Atlantean populations.
But sperm is an amazing thing, with more secrets than most of us would have guessed.
Often, though, one has no idea that the title one knows and loves has been dreamed up by a translator.
But they learned how to trim almost 20 percent off their monthly child care bills during the 30-day "Frugal Family Challenge" -- a "Good Morning America Weekend" partnership with USA Today.
Instead, after the tireless Mr Lamy started to circulate potential compromises, the talks pulled back from the brink.
Yet throughout it all Iris is still present, and I will not wish her away.
But after the initial exchange of indignation, tempers seemed to cool (and China released three of the four Japanese detainees).
But after one or two speeches, you should be able to meet the gaze of your listeners as comfortably as you do in casual conversation.
However, after verification, a visitor is not on board, a lucky escape shipwreck.
It may take more than an economic slowdown and a few injunctions from on high to eradicate such habits, especially during a holiday.
But the economy may be too weak for such a virtuous circle to take hold.
But the economists say that, to be really effective and credible, any regulatory framework must be agreed globally.
Still, economists continued to sound warnings about inflation pressures and urged Beijing to unwind its stimulus measures further.
Economists, however, are sceptical about the strength of the recovery for the rest of the year.
But for a genuine trade recovery to happen, economists say a robust renewal in trade will have to come from Europe, the U.
But the recent improvements, economists say, suggest manufacturers have come out of the worst phase of inventory adjustments.
The gain may be ephemeral, however, as fallout from the housing bust and the recession persists.
His enquiries, however, produced at length an account of the scene she had been engaged in there, soon after his leaving the place.
But experience had taught him not to proffer academic work as an excuse.
But a review by a panel of leading experts and patient groups found it could no longer support their permanent exclusion.
However, via this method the calls are not free and you will need to prepay for your calls.
But police said the investigation against Gaetano and chase lasted three years, showing that "Ke Liang, " the forces is still very large.
Nonetheless, UBS's rivals must be taking heart from the fact it managed such a smooth exit, finding buyers and keeping Beijing sweet.
How much of that will migrate 340 miles north and into the pockets of ordinary people such as Ochkhuu is an open question.
The hotel did give us a meal voucher to pay for a complimentary meal at the hotel in the way of an apologies.
But the heart of the hotel will be the wellness center, inspired by Ms. Ford Grimes's beloved cat Dakota, who died of a brain tumor.
In the long run however, your money arguably gets you less of a return.
But it is hard to be optimistic about this particular recovery. Geographical variation is partly to blame.
As with laws against sharing MP3 music files, these restrictions are infrequently observed and hardly ever enforced .
But he, like his father, also knows well that a genuine libertarian impulse is astir in America.
Still, when it comes to the grand projet, Beijing seems no more fond of cost discipline than every ascendant civilisation before it.
From the police's point of view, however, it would be better if they could actually stop a runaway car by satellite, not just track it.
But the lack of talk was a blessing for Pug, who could dwell on the amazed supreme joy suffusing him.
It is in the yellow and black waves that a red jacket is so striking and finery that it could catch my eyeballs tightly.
But even Mr Blagojevich, flamboyant and loquacious as he is, could not quite manage that.
Nevertheless, calculate thenceforth to begin to calculate case, feng Jun also had been late on MP3 domain.
However the crest of wave does not tighten, the chatroom not necessarily can restore.
Even without all that, however, Rio has some making up to do to its largest shareholder.
But even if you aren't ready to make it permanent, you can opt to extend your trial period to 60 or 90 days.
But even discounting that, at a time of widespread disaffection with Bush and the Republican party more generally, the inertia of public opinion heading into an election seemed to favour Obama.
though, as far as she was herself concerned, it was no remedy for the absence of Mrs.
Even so, via her inept writing one can nonetheless sense her sincerity and faintly see a sketch by another urban youth.
But, as matters stand with my soul, whatever of good capacity there originally was in me, all of God's gifts that were the choicest have become the ministers of spiritual torment.
But as so often in the politics of international trade, actions -- or lack of them -- belie words.
Not all the news is bad - it never is in a recession.
But as the graph after the jump shows, the disconnect between health spending and life expectancy isn't unique to America.
But like soldiers anywhere, what they do not like are mortar attacks where the bombs hit closer to the front line and cause more casualties.
But as the uproar over his comments aboutthe Civil Rights Act demonstrates, his underlying political philosophy haselements that don't translate into mainstream appeal.
But as I have written, most people need seven to nine hours of sleep.
But a few blocks south, far away from the blare of Hummer limousine horns, at the fashionable opening of the Algus Greenspon Gallery on Morton Street, a more demure look prevailed.
Still, until just a few years ago much the same was said about shale gas.
Within days, Japan's allies, Germany and Italy (known collectively as the Axis powers), declared war on the United States.
However, Mr. Kan continued to deny any intention to leave office, even as he conceded the DPJ's defeat in the April elections.
But while he was waiting for doctors he sneezed - and the bullet popped out of his right nostril.
But during his first trip to Asia recently, he says he was pleasantly surprised by how well-dressed people were.
But as he pressed toward the door he saw the larger gangster waving to him, a leer on his square face, and Kostya did not resist.
Once my journalistic identity was known, however, the police arrived and made a show of locking one of the doors.
But, on that black day, "work" was taken out of the equation, leaving rest and play for the bar to help with.
However stand so as a while, also pedal the Hou living ed to round a view so much in other life Fus on the square 1 time.
but as far as the population of this car goes, you're a veritable mack daddy.
However, the Redeemer is only able to garrison two infantry in it to upgrade itself.
However, the club has confirmed that due to a slight injury which needs attention, Gabriel will not travel on the pre-season tour.
But aggressive measures to cool the property market, for example, do not augur well for the construction sector.
That was untrue in the case of the New York Post, to take a celebrated earlier example.
Yet most individual Chinese have never been rich: per-capita income has always been lower than the world average.
But the prices of collectible cars may be as much a function of the excess capital held by the wealthy than the inherent value of cars.
But while Shakespeare's orations and drama may have graced the theatre, it was also used as a bear pit, brothel and gambling house.
But neither did the giants bother the rich country of orchards below; perhaps from fear of the Norn, a strange old woman said to live on the mountain top and spin fates.
But Mr. Franco, who declined to be interviewed, has hardly escaped the glare of publicity.
In inflation-adjusted terms, however, the Dow today is only a little over twice its 1929 peak, according to Ned Davis Research.
However, according to investigators, said the scope of the invasion of hacker crime so far, "is obviously still only arrogance here. "
Well, it turns out that less than 10% of college- educated women now ages 50 to 60 have never been married, census records show.
According to Forbes, the residents of Bishop, Texas, seem to believe God was behind it all.
But the pace of his home improvements has slowed, according to online records of the county appraiser's office.
But even if Mr. Murdoch decides to make such a change, one of the people said he wouldn't do it right now so close to the current turmoil.
From what I could tell, though, Grandpa couldn't stretch high enough to see in, either.
However, the southwest is relatively backward as far as I know. Whether our Seiko high quality tool can get their approbation, I still have some misgiving.
However, the southwest is relatively backward as far as I know. Whether our Seiko high quality tool can get their approbation, I still have some misgiving.
But it must be a good morning for you tomorrow as Iknow. You will be transferred to the personnel Dept. to which you are living close.
Workers there, however, are known to be still trying to cool the damaged reactors.
Nevertheless, the CPSC is still investigating the matter, according to a person familiar with the matter.
But according to Shanghai pollster Victor Yuan, the government is doing fairly well.
But people familiar with the matter said that the Bear acquisition doesn't preclude J. P. Morgan from pursuing that strategy.
The latter two, though, accounted for a small share of exports, whereas non-manufactured tobacco represented nearly the totality.
Even the Jazz defense, the most hesitant in the league to double team, does not fit well with Tracy McGrady's recent struggles.
However, most of the cervical erosion don't need any treatment, and no discomfort, many people feel in gynecology when the body found.
However, in most states, rules used by public service commissions to evaluate transmission investments discourage multistate projects of this sort.
The Armory only can heal one unit at a time, however, and this may limit its effectiveness in a fast-paced game.
However, Caravaggio was one of a gang that viciously attacked a fellow Knight.
However Carrick feels he saw enough spirit and endeavour to disprove that theory.
Yet, the reason I most remember Carter's performance was that I broke one of sportswriting 's cardinal rules: No cheering in the press box.
However, Col Gaddafi's death at least has the merit of depriving the remnants of the old regime of a figurehead to rally round.
Developers should be aware, however, that the suggestions provided below are for informational purposes only.
But the square root does not transform an exponential time into a polynomial time; it just produces a smaller exponential.
Howbeit Caesar is lord he will come if such be his pleasure. Nevertheless I think he will not come.
Though I was disappointed, I had to give up the idea of leaving for my bus for her seriousness.
Still, it's really positive to see a book showing off the excellent capabilities of the Java platform.
'But it is a real shame to see that some may not achieve lifelong ambitions because of a lack of faith in their own ability.
But to see this piece of wasteland covered with weeds, the students were all very happy.
The sight of your dear sister, however, was really dreadful; and to heighten the matter, I found her alone.
But it seems like that we were intentional, because we have enjoyed guessing the sex of our baby.
What doesn't seem to have changed, however, is the nature of the public discourse in which these candidates are expected to manoeuvre.
Still, it looked as if she would be fine. There was no sign of cancer in her lymph nodes, and her surgeon removed the tumor.
However see him one face determined, six Shis thousand also have no not bashful fight him.
However looked that the scene the feeling is very good, the rich words favor going to which looked, heh heh, diligently!
But in today's economy, unless the military need one, I'm not sure how much of a market there is.
But Mr Cowan said despite the apparent solution to problems of aeroplanes and ash clouds, the aircraft would not be suitable for large-scale commercial passenger flights.
Though considering that Oracle has an ADO. NET driver, perhaps the Enterprise edition is not needed after all.
Although, judging by the Reds' narrow victory over Birmingham, you may need to prepare yourself for a nerve-wracking nine months.
But she did attempt to limit the damage to the newly warming relations between trustbusters on both sides of the Atlantic.
But, with demand increasing in other markets, recovery could keep going for a year or two, he said.
Nevertheless, the investments in the U. S. financial sector have come as a surprise, given Japan's reputation for risk aversion.
Still, given their track record during this crisis, it's no wonder investors are now in a funk.
However, given the extreme optimism among investment advisers, the odds of a short-term correction are now dangerously high.
However, given the fragile state of many European countries, pledging yet more money to Greece would likely be politically unpopular.
But given the dire quality of the loans, the AMCs were never going to be able to repay the interest on the bonds, let along the principal.
But since plants absorb carbon dioxide as they grow, crops grown for biofuels should suck up about as much carbon dioxide as comes out of the tailpipes of cars that burn these fuels.
Still, Kogevinas said, the findings suggest that people need to work harder to reduce everyone's exposure to chlorine.
But the scientific jury is still out on the efficacy of such software.
Nevertheless, the scientists have already found more than 700 specimens trapped in the Indian amber.
But surely Lord Coe does not advocate adopting such a robust management style with every employee?
Lamentable nevertheless is, although the lip to oneself is dissatisfactory , also make up without what method can be made up for.
But make no mistake, this versatile spirit is more than just a one-trick pony.
This isn't a normal prison though, because the female warden, Hennessey (Joan Allen), has set up a death match between the inmates involving cars, guns, explosions and…well…death.
Still, it is possible that the biggest change in America's Asian diplomacy will be to put global warming near the heart of it.
Perhaps not approving of North Korea's controversial "Kidnap Everybody Kim Jong Il Thinks is Amusing" policy, Jordan declined.
However can you the opportunity to have no revenged any further, so I just tell you the true facts, did you grieve?
However, you can define implicit conversion operators for a type, which enable you to use the assignment operator with those types.
But sadly, we often let these opportunities pass by. Moreover, we create wrong doings. This is the most regrettable aspect.
However, auxiliary threads can be created and used to execute code in parallel with the primary thread.
The methods which can be utilized for EC-PCA (Profit Center Accounting) are period accounting or by the cost-of-sales approach.
To be sure, its Thai secretary-general, Surin Pitsuwan, offered the organisation's help as a mediator.
Yet surely online bingeing is no different from eating too many sweets: its remedy is a matter of old-fashioned self-restraint.
Slowly but surely, however, bankruptcy law has changed in favour of the corporate debtor.
However, you can use GAL Synchronization to synchronize the resource forest and other Exchange forests.
But it's safe to say that most people get married to whoever they want and however they want without worrying about being judged.
However, it could be argued that the public reaction that followed the leak may be a little overplayed.
But suppose, instead, that scientists could take one of your cells -- any cell -- and merge it with a human egg.
Nevertheless, Kidron is a most moving place for anyone wishing to retrace Jesus' footsteps.
But Clarissa also believes she'll know the right time to return to work.
But she read widely and well, and her library contained complete sets of Voltaire and other French masters.
However, Crick's office roommate, Dr. Sydney Brenner, recently donated boxes of his letters to the Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory Library.
Still, Dr. Christakis said, smoking initiation followed the same patterns as cessation: people started and stopped smoking in groups.
Bill Clinton will, however, with near certainty, have some set of quite detailed and thoughtful perspectives to offer on your topic.
But the meat-eaters among her guests would have been relieved to see that organic beef was also on the menu.
Cannot saying for certain nevertheless is piracy, this is in jural say to be illogical.
But certainly cut artists, however, my heart is not so fine, let me also Shear clothing line!
Kenyon was more keen, however, to highlight the positives of the season so far, with Chelsea still challenging on four fronts.
It is much more likely that his deputy, Izzat Ibrahim, controls the resistance from his hiding-place in eastern Syria.
Whereas empty rooms do not generate revenue, empty tee times lack revenue as well.
However, Custis says the pressure will be on the Frenchman next season if this campaign turns out to be another trophyless one.
Kournikova gave her a run on the concourse and practice courts at the Sea Pines Racquet Club, though.
But international banks re- main barred from issuing credit cards in China and the card business is still unprofitable for domestic banks.
While Latin American clubs have proliferated, the OAS remains the only regional diplomatic body which includes the United States.
The accreditation for foreign observers from the Southern African Development Community, SADC, has been granted for the run off.
However, the assembled Chinese tour groups, who are normally allowed to walk to the halfway point, had to stop at the bridge's entrance.
But Mr Rice is ambivalent towards recessionary associations, fearing another tough trading period during a recovery.
But Mr Langner says eradicating it would take a year without access to top-notch security experts and tools.
"But among vertebrates - there's no animal of any sort that has anything like a limb modified as a club, " noted Dr Longrich.
Butaddy, do remember Nude the-ay home. Don't you lete they cop dre you back again.
Old as it was, however, the well-shaft was probably the only relic of the local history that remained absolutely unchanged.
Yet slot-machine development, assisted by advances in networking technology, involves more than simply tinkering with payout algorithms.
But the consequences of an ageing population will be longer-lasting than those of the economic crisis and at least as far-reaching.
However, historical photos and archival brochures indicate there was a "Porpoise Pool" attraction at Floridaland.
But it might surprise you to find out that throughout history, couches have been used for many different purposes.
But knowing Summers background helps humanize an economist, who is mostly known for his combative personality and mixed track record with regards to the financial markets.
Recinos, however, still helps to teach the second class, an oceanography lab for first-year undergraduate students.
But over the years she got used to it, and her leathery mouth would seize the bait as a prize.
However, doing any of that without also making efforts to slow population growth makes an uphill climb even more difficult.
Farther away from land, however, the situation changes as ocean currents play a greater role in moving and shaping ice.
However, Mrs Lee did get a CT scan earlier and the location of the blood clot was identified.
But Li said he thinks, ultimately, Han will be able to end his contract with the South Korean agency and begin to manage his own future.
But from the stormy dialogue between Reagan and O'Neill came a more balanced program than either man might have authored alone.
But Mr Reagan also holds out the promise of a firmer line abroad, based on a sounder structure of advice.
However Libya balked at the deal and said it may exercise its right of first refusal and buy Verenex's operations itself.
But Lees said that Microsoft embarked on a new strategy some time ago that will come to fruition over the next 18 months.
Still, the modest size of the interest-rate increases is unlikely to crimp demand for loans much in China's fast-growing economy.
He quickly lost his post, however, when the British learned of his support for independence for the American Colonies.
But with plastination, there is no glass barrier between the viewer and the squid.
Arguably, none of this narrows the political gulf that has persisted for generations.
But history has not always been kind to previous winners of the Time award.
But federal court Chief Justice Ahmad Fairuz Sheikh Abdul Halim said such behavior was not the norm for Malaysians .
The FTC said, however, that it would act quickly 'should Google engage in unlawful tying or other anticompetitive conduct. '
But the U's believe his loss will be overcome because they are in the process of revamping their scouting network throughout Oxfordshire.
Instead, though, Leung just he asked Block to write him a screenplay - and Block is doing it.
These cases do, however, illustrate the value of putting in place a formal rendition arrangement with the Mainland.
There is a chance, however, that a bipartisan group representatives could buck the speaker and send the bill to the White House.
But one of the two available chambers is empty and rescue workers fear that the four miners were unable to reach the other chamber.
But a brace of deals announced during his visit showed France is eager to court China's own atomic power sector.
Nonetheless, both countries have moved ahead quickly with building liquefied natural gas importation capacity.
However, neither researcher suggests that people who arc doing more should cut back.
however , there is a distinction between va benefits and military disability benefits so do not confuse the two.
But two weeks later, a powerful shift in mood overtook her, ballooning into an episode of postpartum depression that lasted four months.
Being 40 times larger in area, Orion's heat shield will need to be built in segments, thus adding new complexities.
But the hastily built levees will still have to hold up against the ice-laden water that's expected to remain high for at least a week.
Then she picked it up and kissed it goodbye, leaving traces of bright lipstick on its face: Allure Velvet.
But Prof Lin is just as well known for his own extraordinary personal history as he is for his professional achievements.
Authorities have told her not to attempt to take back the children forcibly.
It is well known, though, that neighboring retinal ganglion cells tend to fire together.
Even with a flurry of online traffic, retailers appeared to pull off Cyber Monday without a glitch.
Still, it's a testament to German soccer that Germany is the only European side to have so many top finishes in such a short time span.
But shamefully, the problem also reflects disarray among donors and squabbles among pundits.
Yet, encouragingly, the global imbalances are now expected to shrink a little, as a share of world GDP.
Encouragingly, in reaction to Mr Broughton, Philip Hammond, Britain's transport secretary signalled change may be coming.
However, surprisingly enough, although Argentina did not enter the top four, he still received the award.
But Yang Wenhong, vice-president of Shanghai Media Group, is just as pleased that the Communist Party’s media regulator praised the programme for conveying an uplifting message.
What impressed me so much, though, was his sincere response every time I had to correct him for misbehaving.
But what makes China so functional and able to weather worldwide downturns could also become its undoing.
However, it would be the only store to launch near the OS as the Mission Viejo, California store would only open a few weeks later.
On the other hand, the state has avoided the worst of the recession, and voters may reckon there is no point changing horses in mid-stream.
Encouragingly, on the other hand, leaders seem to be holding to their promise to promote trade.
In the meantime, though, gas imports, particularly in the form of liquefied natural gas, are at least more diversified than oil.
However, a second study suggests that fruit and vegetable juices may be just as effective.
But some things are clear and distinguished. Some people came and wrote that they were there on all the parts of the cathedral.
Some people have also reported that they lost their sense of smell after using zinc nasal sprays.
But the first sustained declines in the ruble's exchange rate against the dollar in years -- a trend many economists expect to accelerate -- have raised public concerns.
But Lukacs confused verdinglichung with alienation and objection when he elaborated his "Theory of Verdinglichung" .
But Lucas readily admitted that he and Biggar mined terrestrial history for the fashions, makeup and hair for his characters.
But this seemed to the lamp a very shabby present, and the wind thought so too.
But as we wandered past rooster pens and over loamy soil at the Konrad Family farm, I began to believe him.
But the road to see some interesting signs, such as "unless otherwise requested the right to kitted skills, " with some saucy and humane.
But one London concierge company is spicing things up a bit. They are touting their all-female and not unattractive staff.
But Mr Roberts was still elegant, with a fine head of hair filled with the Holy Spirit.
english tang . com However, Rodriguez did not run a few steps the day of streaking will be stopped, then was arrested.
However, Ronaldo also ride to try to teach these players away from for a long distance goal, how to hit the ball accurately beams.
But it would be easy to overstate both the problems facing Ms Rousseff and the odds that she will fail to solve them.
Unfortunately, Rose did not elaborate on the nature of such mixed schooling experiences.
But the optimism of Roosevelt was infectious; gradually confidence began to return after he took office.
But the general rule seems to be that public transport in Los Angeles has a great future, and always will.
Still, some parts of the travel industry have proved adept at reacting to shrinking demand.
However, the form in which legislation is ordinarily consulted by the lawyer is a compilation of statutes by subject matter.
Presently, however, practitioners tend to view statutory constructions as the only means to interpret evidence law.
But no sooner had he made that point then Dennis leapt up and shouted that, no, he had thought the gun was working properly.
But a leader of the Greens party Hans-Christian Stroebele, said the "James Bond" style manhunts were totally over the top.
Yet, Madagascar's tortoises were once protected by the cultural beliefs of some of the island's communities.
Well horse shit does grow gardens, it just wasn’t enough to save your garden.
Still, his comments fell short of an unequivocal statement of financial support for Dubai's struggling companies.
But Twain was acutely aware of his own ignorance, and his humor opened the door to self-exploration.
But the admiral cannot have foreseen the astonishing sequence of budget negotiations that have paralysed Congress this past year.
However, the company will not insist on applying its own business model to markets it does not know, says Mr Ma, in a dig at US rivals.
But Ma’s platforms are powered by millions and millions of small business people who couldn’t do business any other way in China.
But he was not selling comforts to the credulous. He believed that numbers sharpened debate.
McCain also faces a lingering challenge in trying to shore up support among conservative Republicans.
Dr McKellar's finds suggest, at least, that that complexity began to evolve a long time ago.
But Admiral McVadon says America "might have to worry" about such a possibility within a couple of years.
But slowly and surely the pendulum began to swing back the other way.
Chronic inflammation, however, can be a problem (as in arthritis) and acute inflammation in the form of toxic shock is life-threatening.
Despite this and a much more serious loss four weeks previously, the suicide of her close friend Leslie Cheung, she is in good spirits .
But Mr Mantega, it was big of you to complain about China too, this time. Thanks for that.
but . , mediocrity has its place . if i win . it ' d be the best but . .
But it need not be quite so blatant: even if Mr Paulson's fund buys comparable assets, Goldman will be able to mark up its own book.
But presently, as nothing happened, he came out, and climbed upon a wheelbarrow, and peeped over.
Nor did it even seem to matter greatly. There was a link of understanding between them, more important than affection or partisanship.
However, there is no guarantee that that change will be the change you exemplify.
But no one quite knows how much money such measures would save, and Republicans already accuse him of trying to limit care.
Nothing is permanent, though. The excessive optimism is unsustainable and leads to a correction.
However there is no relation, also have Kai me is the life which withouts way just to say my now with you of, let me down to have no way.
But also, unreformed China seems to have done a more impressive job than India did in educating and providing health care for its poor.
But there is no reason why it cannot be used in an interactive context as well.
No one is denying, though, that the merger was born out of necessity as much as aspiration.
While no one doubts that it is possible to note similarities between musical pieces, there are often exceptions and caveats associated.
Yet no one is ready to say for sure that we've dodged the bullet -- and no one is calling off the massive vaccination campaign. Why?
But the lack of a webcam is odd, as it closes off the possibility of using the iPad as a videophone.
But to release one convicted mass murderer – without proposing a general rule – is to subject his victims to inhumane injustice.
Having no idea but hearing that this kind of thing makes a lot of money and wanting a piece of that action?
However, none of the masks can stop 100% of the particles getting through and become less effective once they become moist.
But every time I received the letter from the Dean's Office congratulating me on my performance, I felt it was worthwhile to work so hard.
But each timethey stood in silence as another fallen comrade came out on a stretcher, RoseEllen Dowdell’s two sons felt they were honoring their father.
But he was always so genuinely glad to see her, like it was new. And she would just kind of smile back.
But whenever it is very fineand warm, and I see some bright colours–it's awfully strange–I hear your voicesaying: 'Geranium, marigold, and verbena.'
Still, everyone is supposed to do their job and both HSBC and UBS transferred many of their duties to a sub-custodian.
However, each of these applications will have different requirements on the subset of vehicle data that they require.
But every Sunday I would position her on the front porch so that she could see the church across the valley.
But 20 millisieverts a year is at the top of an internationally set range for safety in long-term-exposure situations.
She is wearing like a roll in the house everyday. But right now if she hugs me, it will be super warm, because she always wear the eiderdown -coat at home now.
Still it makes for a bit of hilarity in the tent every morning.
But, as every reader can attest, opening a novel is a crap shoot.
However, the thickness of each individual layer does not need to be precise. This makes manufacturing easier.
However, each one failed to do, have taught I did not know some of the knowledge.
However, for every mall that appears, so does a slum colony—often right next to it.
But a study at Wilkes-Barre University in Pennsylvania shows the opposite, that the close contact of lovemaking reduces risk of colds.
Yet any moral superiority New Yorkers may feel should be tempered by the behaviour of the American embassy in London.
Northeastern University Graduate School of Business Administration, however, has set out to make the dinner interview less daunting.
However, the U. S. State Department said the next period of time, the U. S. Embassy in Syria will continue to provide "limited services. "
But this news has been the biggest cause of dismay to the US Navy since a Chinese attack submarine embarrassingly popped up in the middle of a US Navy fleet exercise off China.
However, NASA has tried their best over the years to blur and obscure many of these structures. Often their attempts are extremely blatant.
NASA managers insisted that the orb-weaver was not exactly lost, it just couldn't be found.
Countries like the United States and Britain retain the the most clout, though.
The Wall Street Journal revealed he's planning to open dozens of stores and a distribution company here for his brand, Starbury.
But the country had grown rich enough to carve out space and time to create a more highly educated citizenry and work force.
US policymakers do, however, have room for manoeuvre: lower interest rates and even a fiscal boost would follow economic weakness.
It could, however, establish and publicize the benchmarks it would use to measure improvement in the electoral process.
However, according to the American scholar David Weinstein, the official numbers understate Japanese deflation by several percentage points.
But in one respect at least America remains a beacon for the rest of the world: its treatment of corporate bankruptcy.
But an unusual combination recently of hot and wet weather in some Midwest areas also highlights the risk that the harvest could fall short of the USDA prediction of a record 165 bushels per acre.
Boehner's not always a softy: He's delivered plenty of fiery speeches against Barack Obama and the Democrats.
However, the Associated Press of the attack on tourists and infrastructure may adversely affect the local introduction of foreign capital.
However, the bank concluded that the terms of the financing were not economically feasible for either its own or Vale's shareholders.
But they are not worried about the expense - it is likely to be because they believe their date should pay for the pleasure of being with them, according to researchers at St Andrews University.
But Melanie and Pitty were tireless in planning ways to soothe the sorrow under which they thought she labored.
However, Mr Munk dismissed such concerns, noting that the acquisition of Equinox would immediately contribute to Barrick's earnings.
But he brings his music, to which, who listens, had need bring docile thoughts, and purged ears .
Milan menswear spring/ summer 2011 shows prove the coming trends are not that scary, plus you can shop in the sales now with next season in mind.
Bees are wily creatures, however, whose ingenuity has nothing to do with the size of their brains
But it’s really heavily armed, and if you can’t hit that balance just right, then your immune system is causing problems that can be more threatening than the infectious organism itself.
But the risk of a secondary catastrophe, of disease and starvation, remained high.
But a hefty dose of realism is in order amid all the yuan-internationalization mania now sweeping some corners of Asia.
However, facing the prospect of the collapse of one or more of the Detroit companies, the White House indicated it had few other options.
The civil rights activist Marcus Garvey, though, had to complain to a paper that reported he had died "broke, alone and unpopular" .
But next year on Broadway I hope to see a large improvement in that.
but if you will give us the honour of your company to-morrow evening, I should not be afraid of the result.
However, blatant brown- nosing makes you repulsive to your colleagues and the new boss may not like the sight either.
But state schools that ape ancient private ones by adopting fancy uniforms have had a mixed reception.
However, fuzzy lower approximation operators is too complicated, author has not got corresponding results.
However, when Maya cant hinder us from practicing spirituality, it annoys our relatives, using them to obstruct us and cause us harm.
But Mexico City, New York, and Sao Paulo could give way in the league table to Mumbai, Delhi and Dhaka.
However, Moratti did confirm that there had been interest in the club's Italian international hit-man, but did not specify his suitors.
But, Prof Low explains, the lack of teaching materials about African companies has been a pitfall.
The challenges posed by a country leaving the single currency, however, would be formidable.
However, the "reform" advocated by certain people should be renamed liberalization -- that is, going capitalist.
But my mother's arthritis had begun early, and she had always been a miserable driver.
But the face veil mystifies her; 'it might be part of a dancer's costume, ' she muses.
Yet Jupiter is not without influence upon the earth; and though it is not able to draw it out of its course round the sun, yet it attracts the earth to some extent.
But now, the SEC is weighing stricter disclosure and a clearer definition of what would constitute deception.
However, the current WAP standard does not support streaming application so we do not offer streaming quotes.
For now, however, the big equity exchanges are loath to present such a blatant competitive challenge.
But whether the current economic slump will take a toll on your own health depends, in part, on your health habits when times are good.
Nevertheless, the research conducted to date certainly demonstrates that differences extend far beyond the hypothalamus and mating behavior.
The product is just a concept for now, and we hope those last numbers do improve before we start beaming word files onto a wall.
However, for now it is still flying three cargo planes in a tie-up with US logistics company Fedex.
But now economists and pundits are warning that curbing government spending now, with growth in a rut, is a major mistake.
And, as if that were not enough to stir the pot, these scientists have to mix with each other, too.
At the moment though, Mr Obama seems to be doing most of the reassuring.
But, now, I would ask of my well-skilled physician, whether, in good sooth, he deems me to have profited by his kindly care of this weak frame of mine?
But in the present, at least, you can use your handset to make sure you don't get stuck with a $100 bar tab. . . again.
Still, the fact that the world's most highly valued company is now Chinese has an undeniable symbolic punch.
But it is not yet clear whether international pressure is strong enough to provoke a change in direction in the Iranian nuclear programme.
However, it is not clear that regulators are ready to take this more drastic step.
However, he is still very curious approximately that that wench will be used currently what way to deal with song Yan?
For now, they are herded into a waiting area ringed with metal barriers.
But so far, developing countries have been unable to unite around one of their own as a candidate to head the International Monetary Fund.
But no decision has been announced, a delay analysts attribute to bureaucratic infighting and debates over the fund's role.
For now, however, many Egyptians seemed satisfied with how the first day of the trial unfolded, watching their once all-powerful president in the dock with a mixture of fascination and disbelief.
But for the moment the strong message has been met with strong defiance .
Yet Asia's governments are heading in the opposite direction, running sizeable fiscal deficits.
But 4. 4 million Americans have been unemployed for more than a year, their prospects for ever going back to work diminishing.
At present, however, the Swiss Alps are no longer growing as a result of this tectonic process.
But Moody's downgrades coincided with a rerun of the European Banking Authority's stress tests of the region's banks.
There was one member of his side that Mourinho was careful to exempt from the collective criticism.
Nevertheless, Mr Museveni is an astute political operator and it would be folly to write him off.
However allies of Pervez Musharraf say he won't step down and is ready to fight the charges.
However, Muslim leaders accuse the police of making indiscriminate arrests in the wake of the bomb attacks.
Despite the best warning systems, these natural phenomena still can cause immense destruction and loss of life.
But that wasn’t enough to sway top generals, when asked to choose between the Raptor and the much cheaper F-18.
However, that show of rebellion may have convinced Beijing to rule out universal suffrage for Hong Kong before 2020.
But that vote had to do with political symbolism, rather than with the mechanics of currency union.
There's a good chance that it will be torn apart completely within the next million years, when it finally spirals too close to its star.
Yet for 20 years he gets away with passing off his funny money because he never succumbs to greed.
The quiet future that electric cars could usher in, though, may have to be postponed.
But by then the disciple was able to control his mind and didnt blow up.
However that past genuine and fake difficult to have distinguished, also did not appear is so important.
Nevertheless, abandoned as this child was, it sometimes happened, every two or three months, that he said, "Come, I'll go and see mamma! "
Nevertheless, it continued to drive on by me, so I assumed that I remained unseen.
outraged, they called in a rabbi, but the rabbi seemed to think their boy was either deluded, or sensible.
It was not Christmas Eve then, but it came into his head to play a trick upon the bull.
And no, at that time I was not the mental giant you see before you. I was the intellectual equivalent of a ninety-eight pound weakling.
But then, says Emily Feistritzer, president of the Center for Education Information, "the money disappeared. "
However, the significance of this thesis was not fully expounded in those days, and consequently it was only vaguely understood.
However, it was still feeling fine, is a carpet on the floor, warm - as if dancing in "Ballet on Ice. "
However, it was a family enterprise and I simply reached the ceiling for an "outsider. "
But that is a dangerous game; they may be hard-pressed to de-escalate future crises of a more serious nature.
But of all ruddy things that morning the brightest were two broad arms of painted wood, which rose from the margin of a yellow cornfield hard by Marlott village.
But the star attraction of the morning was Cochran's silver MacBook, equipped with the Quake Catcher program.
As he fell out of consciousness and into sleep that evening in his bed, however, Barry was relieved that nothing bad had happened.
However those who have not attained such a state still may find comfort and empowerment for their ascent through such things.
But those anxiously watching to see their modern equivalents emerge may be looking in the wrong place.
Still, academic leaders from foreign countries where English is an official language, or is at least widely spoken, may have an edge.
But some recipients are none too happy, either: They're complaining too much of the payout is coming in stock instead of cash.
For all those eight-figure earners, the largest presence at this French film fete was a fellow from Flint, Mich., who's usually seen in a scruffy beard and duck-hunter couture.
That’s when you find out who you are and what your values are.
However, anyone thinking this meeting is going to turn into Bretton Woods II is in for a disappoint.
That's unlikely to put off the poultry industry, however, which wants disease resistant birds that grow faster on less food.
But what distinguished the physician's ecstasy from Satan's was the trait of wonder in it!
Since this was only a thumbnail sketch, today we're going to look more carefully at the breakdown in living expenses.
Yet the idea that Tibet and Xinjiang could aspire to be separate nations is by no means absurd.
I'm not sure if I can go bowling or not, I'll just have to play it by ear.
However, for those select few who possess the predisposition, I can teach you how to bewitch the mind and ensnare the senses.
But, as I said before, I think the experience is going to be fun, and that travelling at such a slow pace will magnify the adventure.
But if he continues to play a erratic as he has the past three games against New Orleans, Dallas and Houston, it may be time for change.
Nevertheless, I must ask you to sign this waiver, which relieves our corporation of responsibility for anything you or he may do or say for the duration of the effect.
Nevertheless, some insidious foreign ideas have already wormed their way into his civilization without his realizing what was going on.
However with the Kindle for iPad, I've finally been able to enjoy the forbidden fruit of eBooks.
but Chuck Hagel, senator for Nebraska, is another possibility for a defence or foreign-policy job.
The president, however, was unhurt and went on to deliver a speech that was broadcast live on television.
But a 'blight disease' in China's Inner Mongolia, near Xinjiang, was blamed for capping production in 2005 and 2006.
However, the content-coordinate system is generally used in the cases where container uses absolute positioning of its children.
The ability to raise capital adequacy requirements is, however, a fruitful line of inquiry.
Recreating a single prehistoric protein does not mean scientists can build a whole animal, though.
It's also nice to hear a teacher talk about technology and say, "it's going to be messy but that doesn't mean bad. "
But I was delighted to hear the news and have it confirmed that it looks like it is going to go through.
Yet it is probably worthwhile to get a toehold in a congested market.
You are, however, somewhat vulnerable to flattery, which may be the cause of hasty decision making.
But you don't have to be Ozzie Osborne -- you don't have to be super-outrageous to do this.
But how can your breath reflect how much alcohol is in your blood?
but at every step you take it will feel as if you were treading upon sharp knives, and that the blood must flow.
But presuming that your promotion does not come completely out of the blue, what practical steps can a leader take to be ready to perform?
However, your hands and feet to be fast, generally less than a week online post on the rental invalid.
However, rest assured that all your laborious tasks will be worth it if you and the writer are working together efficiently.
But you'll still have to juggle a lot of technobabble terminology and watch your budget.
Where you could save some dough, though, is by buying one of the lower-end models instead of the 64GB iPad.
However you somehow see what peony rush approximately to work hard at chores as you up, calmly she listens to I say a words, nice?
You may want to take all this with a grain of salt, however, because while Yuan conducts privately sponsored surveys, he has also done some work for the government.
However, you will be pleased to hear that we have decided to supply your current order at the old prices as you to be our regular client.
How you'll do this is another mystery, though, as there is going to be no communication between the two of you during the experiment.
And yet you can search a bee forever with cyclotron and fluoroscope, and you will never find the hive.
You cannot help noticing, though, that one is pug-ugly and the other is handsome.
But if you see a guy wearing an impeccably tailored Italian suit with dirty tennis shoes, you won't be able to forget the footwear.
However, since you seem distressed, you shall have a chance of consulting our librarian.
But, as you can see, besides an impressive Buddhist pagoda and a beautiful Dai girl, there's not a sign of her here.
Nevertheless you may see a breakthrough with a real estate issue over the full moon January 30 plus or minus four days.
But you can give me your long black hair; you know yourself that it is fine, and that I like!
However, one can crosscheck one's own information against the knowledge provided therein and intend to retrieve anything that has been lost over time or in a karmic encounter.
Take the time to look these concepts up in the related links, or peruse one of the related books.
But you can control them indirectly, by controlling what situations you let yourself get into.
You've got to feel sorry for the authors of those "2012 apocalypse" cash-in books, though, haven't you? Oh, wait, no, you haven't.
You were always too good for him anyway. He was a bit of a heel.
but you do not have to wait for trouble to make prayer an integral and constructive part of your life.
But you can pick up dozens or even hundreds of new subscribers from each round of carnival submissions, so it's a great place to start.
You all have had ample time to prepare and get selves and family into locations that would "logically" provide greater chances for survival.
THO SE OF YOU WHO ARE WILLING TO FIGHT FOR FREEDOM COME ABOARD!
But good for your for saying something that only a dictator would love.
Nevertheless, you can think of " the coke that the pig drinks " , be also the favor that did obeisance to executant thinking?
But surely you may put off this old lady till to-morrow: she is not so near her end, I presume, but that she may hope to see another day.
But you will not be able to see him, my poo'r child, an' d even if you could, it would be unsafe fo'r you to make a sign of recognition.
however, sealing your supplies inside of zipper baggies is usually all you need to do the job.
And if you think the fairy tales were gruesome back then, you should have seen the merchandising tie-ins.
But I _will_ quiz you with a great deal of pleasure, if you will tell me what about.
But if you could oblige me, I should take it as a kindness.
But, if you're anything like me, that's one thing you're very glad to have gotten under your belt the first week of your life.
But if you can think of surplus funds may be a dream to see Lange makeup, I also heard there in a purchasing a good match Lange!
Be prepared for the long haul with this one, though. Biologists estimate that it could take thousands of years.
But you can't overlook all the other Sailors, from those in the superstructure navigating the ship to the engineers below decks making us steam and getting wind over the deck.
But you don't have to be training for a marathon to tailor your playlist to your workout.
However, you could also find that you are gullible and easily tricked by friends during Neptune's travel through this area of your chart.
However, once you achieve a need, you need to move on to the next pursuit.
But one night you just have to have a cookie, and you know there's a bag of your favorites in the cupboard.
But, did you ever wonder what the Russians must have done to the commanding officer of that little airbase for letting his place and ships get shot up like that without any opposition?
Sir. But you might find this fight club of yours in Seattle, sir.
“But you must come on Saturday,” she said; “for then the king and queen will take tea with me.
But, how can you prove your blouses are better than the Filipino ones?
But you know what? I bet that Obama will start apologizing to North Korea and try to open a 'friendly hand' to them.
But , as you know , Madrid is my city. If I stay at Real for the rest of my life, I will be happy .
But did you know that sometimes rubber ducks can be used to help children in a much bigger way?
We ignore it all the time, you know, on Thanksgiving and things like that.
But if you’ll unwrap that package you may see why you had me going a while at first.
But then you can always devote yourself to what you really should be doing now : finding a career with better prospects .
Well, I think you'd better wait and see how much is left after Uncle Sam gets his share!
But you better act quickly, there's already competition: Harry's on-again, off-again girlfriend, Chelsy Davy.
You would have to start your program quickly, however, for with each passing day, the energy of that new moon will fade a little.
Whatever you do, do not try to run through the pain. You will only make your injury worse and could wind up with a stress fracture.
However, age-adjusted hospital mortality was higher for women and was associated with a lower rate of PCI.
Annual investment is expected to peak by around 2013, however, and roughly halve after that.
However, you also need to build and deploy this script using some automated scenario.
You might have noticed, however, that there was considerable ceremony involved in the previous example.
However, you can apply the concepts you learn here to any of the above software systems.
However, you can make your systems and data impervious enough that hackers won't even bother trying to break in.
However, you can iterate through a set of rows and update each row individually while using optimistic locking techniques.
You could, however, overcome this limitation by performing multiple SimpleDB queries and doing the join on your end.
However, you can nominate an execution group for the handling of content-based filtering requests.
However , you are actually viewing the values for the first calendar quarter of every calendar year , not for any particular calendar year .
However, you can apply the overall concepts equally well to any machine architecture, operating system, and compiler combinations.
You'll want to limit this variability, however, as it tends to make data unorganized, and thus not easy to find or manage.
It's at least equally probable, though, that you've never seen the full range of tasks Expect manages.
But you have the upper hand, you know, for if I become too impertinent, you can always stop payment of your cheques.
But you have a problem; each of the Insurance companies has a different mechanism for accepting quote requests and providing quotes to you.
But jeans must be carefully paired with a pressed shirt and good shoes to be elevated to business class.
But there is something about the cowboy culture, and being near the mountains here, that gives you a feeling of total freedom.
the land around New Orleans is extremely low-lying (the city is actually below sea level! ) and was at that time nothing more than a swamp.
Meanwhile Garry Webb, chief executive of Newcastle Port Corporation, is adamant Newcastle can expand considerably.
Reporters in New York say today's use of the city's extensive transit system appears consistent with normal weekday levels.
It is, though, as the New Yorker has it, a "frozen-dessert origin myth" .
In this he undervalues, quite unfairly, the genuine originality of the American political achievement.
But the main reason that the farmers’ income has grown three-fold is their stake in a highly productive chestnut orchard.
But since using manure is troublesome, smelly as well as nauseating , peasants would rather use chemical fertilizer.
Nokia said in February that it planned to progressively replace Symbian with Microsoft's Windows phone software starting later this year.
But ladies, I have a gauntlet to throw down: Women have a lot to learn from the way men shop.
Yet the syllabus for the Moral Education Center seems to lack a few essentials for meeting today's global super-rich.
But the biggest reason why women remain frustrated is more profound: many women are forced to choose between motherhood and careers.
But this increased time at the office was more than offset by a drop in time devoted to mundane chores.
However Mr Alder said there was "evidence of HFT-like activity in the warrants market" .
But an angry EU response and a summons to the Cannes G20 summit for a reprimand led Mr Papandreou to back down.
But I have no doubt that the first council president's success or failure will depend largely on those three factors.
Extending its gains further may prove difficult, though, and some traders said the $1. 40 level would provoke selling.
Jean-Claude Trichet, ECB president, said the impact on the real economy of the global credit squeeze remained unclear.
Nevertheless, for a full comeback, Europe will have to wait for an entrepreneurial culture like Silicon Valley's.
But there is a line between an occasional display of anger or sternness and the abusive bullying that often takes place in organisations.
But at times, laughing, she would make her hands into horns and imitate the rush of the bull out of the gate, at four in the afternoon.
Having coffee as an occasional treat in moderation, though, is much healthier for you than having it every day like you do your daily vitamins and water.
But Prof Paabo said he was unclear if the couplings had led to children, of if they were capable of producing offspring.
But auctions require "if he thinks that she thinks that I think that he thinks" chains of reasoning that tend to have weak links.
But capturing natural looking shots of locals or trip mates can be tougher than shooting a leaping gazelle .
But the big question hanging over Mr. Pandit is whether he should take a meat cleaver to the Citigroup empire.
No matter the reality of the date, though, everyone agrees that the book originates in ancient Egypt and was penned by Fifth Dynasty vizier Ptah-Hotep.
But signs of frothiness are also cropping up in odd places: garlic has become an unlikely target for Chinese speculators.
The Grease Blotter doesn't break up and it only picks up the oil and grease.
Still, the combination of a weakening American dollar and China's growing economic clout is likely to bode well for American exports.
But space-suited theatrics and Noah's ark overtones aside, Biosphere 2 was still the world's most ambitious test tube.
But Apple has been down this road before, and marketing experts don't expect the brouhaha to tarnish the new tablet computer.
But Apple is more secretive than the CIA, so we know little about this product.
Emerging it may be, but it is still very underdeveloped, according to commentators.
However, the borrowing costs of Portugal and the Republic of Ireland still remain at levels that suggest markets think they too are likely to default in the next five years.
Richard Gane, PwC's UK head of automotive, says, however, that drivers of electric cars will have to make a "quite enormous" mental switch.
Nevertheless, it has taken a long time for the public to get into a gold frenzy.
But its in the end is going astray, or ingenuity, only to see the outcome after such a formal sale.
However, any dependencies between them are now clearly evident within the business process layer.
Modern medicine, meanwhile, means the hulk’s weakened immune system is less likely to expose him to lethal infection.
As in, "where will I keep my cell phone if I wear this incredibly form-fitting, irresistibly sexy but pocket-less little black dress? "
cabbage-beds would have been enough to tempt the lady, who only wanted to be going somewhere.
But really, once you've spent thousands to get you and your family atop that mountain, lunch is a mere rounding error.
But experience at other zoos shows that, to paraphrase Shakespeare, "the course of panda love never did run smooth. "
But it's horribly bad luck for clams of a sexual clam species if an Asian clam parasitises their eggs as they have no comeback.
Other communists, though, were much quicker to see not just the practical failures but the bankruptcy of the entire creed.
But everyone else ignored his views, presumably because they were too out of keeping with the party orthodoxy to be worth debating.
But news of new, unrelated recalls and tense testimony by Toyota executives before Congress last month have kept the company on the defense.
Other dynamics are nonetheless beginning to transform the continent and its relations with the outside world.
However, it won't be very long lasting because this kind of film is relatively easy to disrupt.
But why does the rest of Japan remain so impervious to something that is already the subject of open speculation in the U. S. media?
But the talks got hung up on the question of how to value Chrysler's loss-making auto operations, which include the Chrysler, Dodge and Jeep brands, two of the sources said.
The most impressive thing of all, though, is the way Rowling has managed to present the whole thing as an act of altruism.
But ask with faith, not doubting, for the one who doubts is like a wave driven and tossed on the sea by the wind.
Yet, criminals looking to sell gold-plated tungsten as pure gold would only be able to dupe naive buyers.
Yet the willingness of business to transcend political divisions in pursuit of commercial advantage is basically a force for peace.
But companies are racking up profits and now have built strong cash positions, and may be ready to hire again.
But at least practiced martial arts actor or not, have to need to use the lens effect to make up for the fight.
We go to see Her somewhere else if we want to, but at least there is a place so people can come and stay and wait for me, you know.
Vehicles and industrial systems, however, are noisy, with electromagnetic interference over a wide range of frequencies.
Still, the differences among the auto makers suggest competing technologies will jostle for prominence.
But gasoline detergent add must carefully, if join and shoddy products will have the opposite effect.
But the worst by far is this display by Halle Berry in Monster's Ball, which, though prompted by her son being fatally hit by a car, is nevertheless virtually impossible to watch without laughing.
Still, the lack of outright buying during such uncertain times gives investors reason to ask: If they arent buying, why should I?
but the door of the ante- room is locked, and I fancy that my lady has taken the key to London.
As we have noted above, though, large rocks make fast interplanetary voyages very infrequently.
But the absence of the first three speaks to a shrunken American presence.
But first Iran must freeze uranium work at today's level and, if talks progress, suspend its uranium and plutonium effort.
But prospective buyers can rest assured : "The old high prices were all bubble froth, " he says.
But strong flashes do more than just dazzle one's friends—they distort the quality of the picture.
But the competition for talent has by no means ground to a halt, and lower-level hiring is still taking place.
But Mr Jobs used that term in mockery, since many of these phones are, to him, so patently dim-witted.
But that one inside scabbard is a fittings of saber, good in whole, in mid and late Qing dynasty.
But Chelsea officials, irritated by Lyon's openness during the negotiations, said nothing should be read into that, either.
But take note: A Spanish study found that microwaving broccoli destroys 97 percent of the vegetable's cancer-protective flavonoids.
But he has never, Professor Chemerinsky noted in an interview, voted to uphold an affirmative action program.
But Cheney has said "the statute of limitations has expired" on many of his secrets.
'But, my dear, 'said her husband, 'you're forgetting the Christmas party he gave for the children. '
But, touching your medicine, kind sir, in my present frame of body, I need it not.
However, the Qing government still enacted relevant acts and laws to protect the Great Wall and prohibit any removal of its bricks.
Figures are worse, however, for those who are teenagers, male, poor or black. Those with a combination of these traits have particularly glum statistics.
But here's the thing: Mr. Obama must be prepared to face those consequences if he wants his presidency to survive.
However, the emotional poles , does not show that each of the opposite sentiment among the absolute exclusion.
But America is still capable of putting two fingers up to its banker, when the mood takes it.
Have no fear, as the algorithms and regular-expression building code here are easily adaptable to your relational database environment.
Let me reassure you, as I did in the introduction, that I'm not trying to turn you into a journalist.
But know this, brother: I will always be a part of the Horde. I will always be there when you need me. Farewell.
Please note that to increase the size of your fleshy bit, you may need to eat a lot of junk food and cut down on exercise.
However, be sure to work through the entire checklist to make your portlet accessible.
But get real, please, there is so much good fiction out there, written specifically for your adult age group, written with you in mind.
Please be aware that web sites linked from Pristine's site may collect personally identifiable information about you.
Please note that you need to register with IBM to access the instructions or the RAVEN download.
Notice, though, what you do not have with this twenty-line script: you don't have pages of declarations and configuration.
Nevertheless, Brown is a hard-working player with a good deal of upside and a positive work ethic.
But with luck, in the middle of the crowd, it would be safe to talk for a quarter of an hour and arrange another meeting.
But Professor Jones said he had not cheated over the data, or unfairly influenced the scientific process.
However, "thinking differently" does not mean an intellectual "anarchy" , where you are alone in your thinking.
However, the ball is placed on top of the grass in a much better lie than prior to the suspension of play.
But, trends do not go on indefinitely. Therefore our system must also watch and account for trends ending and reversing.
But chapel must have been the last thing on Ravi's mind when Ginnie, after a moment's hesitation, accepted his offer.
But exports rose strongly in December, compared with both a year and a month earlier.
The first-year programme ordered 102 employees to do menial jobs such as sweeping streets or picking up litter. Some 44 of these workers were eventually sacked or resigned.
But when she tried to renew her identity card last August, she said, Beijing public security officials turned her down flat.
However, with no proof that the treatment worked, last year the company was fined $375 million for unlawful marketing.
No, history was the black face of the delta-induce, the empty closet, and the unmade bed.
This function is called every tick but global code is executed at loading time, so you can initialize things.
But John Pike, a defense expert who is director of GlobalSecurity. org, said he believes he has solved the mystery.
But the dream of effortless prosperity was shattered by the global financial crash.
But the impact of the global financial crisis on Swiss investors themselves could also explain why the Swiss franc has proven so strong.
Yet the thirst for fuel continues to grow at a healthy clip elsewhere, particularly within the big oil producers themselves.
But Wally Stevens of the trade group Global Aquaculture Alliance says the industry must continue developing to feed growing populations.
Still, the Moon's silhouette was highlighted by these glistening diamonds as the total eclipse phase ended.
However, a lack of experience with such vehicles hampered the finishing of a plausible design - even on paper!
What I discovered was that everybody solved the problem, but there was a lot of variation in how long it took them to solve.
But rarely, if ever, has a major yacht sold at an unreserved auction, meaning it will sell to the highest bidder regardless of price.
It is such a blessing in disguise that he got the love from the gal.
Nevertheless, the issue of bloggers going on press trips has been a thorny one to address over recent years.
However, let Diecai Hill is not that well-known to the mountain of laurel, but that the layers of rock stacked.
But whether open economies can wield them as well as China is doubtful.
I was just glad the ordeal was over for my family and my country.
Yet I am glad that Clinton's run for the White House has made it OK to talk about sexism.
But to my pleasure I found she was a woman from a class I'd taught a few weeks before.
To my dismay this caused the camera he was holding to fly out of his hands and clatter to the pavement.
But let's say they did, Hussein would immediately apologize to the ChiComs for how the US offended them so much that they had to attack us.
But let's take a leap in logic and say that President Obama is willing to revisit his way of thinking.
But let's go out on a limb and say there aren't many who would quibble with the description of China as money-obsessed.
But, let's face it, there are some things we are always going to fib about to the people we love.
But let me tell you, mother, in a whisper, where my king's palace is.
But let me think: in Congo, a new generation of writers is budding, inspired by award-wining writer and intellectual Alain Mabanckou.
But let me whisper, mother, in your ear where the barber in the story lives.
But let me whisper in your ear, mother; she is there in the corner of our terrace where the pot of the tulsi plant stands.
But one of the many perplexities about this ideal is that about 20% of the population of the Jewish state would be Palestinian.
But cutting out the galleries may ultimately act to the detriment of an artist. Galleries can nurture and plan the career of an artist.
However, hotter photos were much more likely to be outdated than normal ones.
And yet the human mind is a crazy place and a fantasy is often just a fantasy.
Man may, however, annihilate the movement of God, thus breaking it this would be a morally evil act.
But there will also be a need for a reliable power generation that works even when the sun does not shine and the wind does not blow.
But human tenacious vitality seems to make part of people survived the holocaust, survive.
However humanity lives in such great pain themselves that the painful fur is only a reflection of humanity's own state of being.
But labor experts say the belated measures are limited and unlikely to fix the problem.
However, waiting more than two years did not increase the advantage, the Journal of Human Resources will report.
But he was not so widely perceived as a western lackey as some Arab leaders accused of putting outside interests before those of his people.
But the worry is that a prolonged credit crunch could make microfinance clients start to look more like those hapless subprime borrowers.
Yet, integration is often oversold as a simplistic solution to the actual needs of the client's user community.
However, fears that the FDIC's fund which protects depositors may run out are unfounded.
Nevertheless, it is still a puzzle why such a glaring anomaly has not been arbitraged away.
The suspicion remains, however, that the benign state of US-Asia ties today is as much the result of luck as of design.
What is usually not mentioned is that cybernetics was also used in ancient Greece to denote a governor of a country.
However, the public usually pass through these areas quickly and are not inclined to linger.
But people also pull off the road to visit other halls of fame that honor everything from teachers to greyhound dogs.
but the stereotype persists, and a moment of crisis is sure to bring it out again.
However, the joint venture's political significance is expected to far outweigh its commercial impact.
However, when locals dry wolfberry and honeysuckle, they mostly fumigate them with sulfur in order to make them look bright in color.
Nevertheless, the charge of spreading his talents too thinly does seem to be repeated with increasing frequency.
However, the simple fact that the RMB registered in the top three at all says quite alot about how far it has come over the past few years.
But any attempted merger would unleash huge integration issues, further upset labor groups and face antitrust concerns.
But that's what everyone does. House Republicans talk big about spending cuts — but focus solely on that same small budget sliver.
Any sign, though, that the bond-loving masses may be ready to switch will give bulls another reason to cheer.
But as any convicted believer will tell you, it's no sin to be lapsed – as long as you rededicate yourself to your redemption in earnest.
But, as anyone who has heard me mangling one in a karaoke booth will testify, my enthusiasm has not waned with time.
Now, no single stove will meet the needs of every community across the world.
However, the Census Bureau, aware of its shortcomings, has added a calculator to its website to let people work out their own measures.
But it is wrongly assumed that simple questions involve answers that are no less simple and that evidence implies evidence.
But it is naive to assume that this 'balance' will protect U. S. interests indefinitely.
There remained, however, the inconvenient fact that some of those calling for stronger regulation have a track record that gives them a lot of credibility.
But it should reinforce the point that, on hydrological grounds alone, conserving forest is often essential.
But liners ranging from cruise ships to refrigerated cargo ships continued to sail.
Still it is possible that these apparent connection could be the result of a complex said set of health related behaviors.
The rate of decline, however, "will be gentler than in the US or Europe".
However, Beijing's leaders are likely to bristle at the idea of Japan taking a closer interest in South China Sea issues.
Yet much of the DPJ's economic programme remains sketchy, improbable or downright unrealistic.
Still, the Japanese are not shy about their fetishes and the law takes a permissive attitude to commercial sex.
But Japan is starting to see this as an opportunity, not a pest.
But business, too, is often a slow-moving gerontocracy, hidebound by a reluctance to let creative individuals make quick decisions.
But a Japanese company has introduced the concept of "heartache leave" to their employees.
However, the action of the Japanese authorities was unsupported by other central banks, which may weaken its effectiveness.
But with the yen at stubbornly high levels against the dollar and the euro, where are the new Japan-goers coming from?
However, strength in the Japanese currency may subside as speculators have cut bets that it will appreciate.
but such circumspection is a precept of politics and not a rule of law;
If Box executes correctly though, its new $48 million round of funding could definitely help it snag more paying, corporate customers.
But if Google becomes the owner of your private groups, it's going to be a splintering of our social lives.
But if either country comes off track and needs more money, the consequences could reverberate broadly.
However, if you sort the same list alphabetically in descending order, the same name has a higher MERGEREC number.
Still, if Mr Obama is going to emulate the economic record of any predecessors, Mr Clinton is not a bad one to pick.
But these costs would be much higher if the report had taken a more aggressive stance on the probable consequences of warming.
If market turmoil worsens this week, however, the administration could unveil its intentions in the next few days.
Yet if a recapitalisation of a substantial number of eurozone banks were needed, some member states might be unable to put up the money.
If Columbia had not been having a good run on the charts lately, though, he might never have had to make the choice.
However, it may not be possible to transfer the programs and settings without reinstalling them from the original disks or downloaded installation files.
Treasury may not have much room for maneuver, though, if it wants the bill to be completed quickly.
But he also could sit stonily silent through a dinner that bored him, or contradict and interrupt in defiance of all common etiquette.
But if the recording is shorter or longer than 80 minutes, buying the appropriate length tape would be cheaper than CDs.
If, however, the program is picking the cell for a tile with neighbors "A" and "Q" then the cell affinity for "A" and "Q" will matter.
However, if we get a spate of weak data this could signal a move lower in rate expectations and spur weakness in sterling.
But how refreshing if it were to reflect a reawakened sense of courage in the country as a whole.
Yet if Davos is a bit more serious than usual – and some of the attendees are forced to be more contrite – that will probably not worry him.
However, turning around and asking out loud, "Does that disqualify me from the human race? "
But it would certainly put her in the way of a grand marriage, and she won't say nay to going.
Nevertheless, the immature yet common understanding of what constitutes business value can be a hurdle.
But if money isnt a matter to this student, at least he got a nice trip and something memorable in his life that he can talk about !
However, the company would start seeking approval again if it found an interesting investment opportun- ity.
But it is doubtful whether it would have come so far, so fast, had it remained in public hands.
But it also could strain the agency's resources and test its mettle in the courtroom if many of them go to trial.
But when the alternative is disintegration of the banking system, monetary stinginess is riskier.
But, the assumption was, well, when five years comes up you refinance the mortgage; you get a new one.
But if you keep at it, 'you'll get a feel for what companies seem to be doing OK. '
A sharper-than-expected slowdown, however, would increase pressure on Mr. Sarkozy's government to announce large, unpopular spending cut.
But if growth is slowing, relief may finally be on the way in the form of a moderation in inflation.
But if any rookie hacker with some time to kill can crack your system, that's a problem.
Still, it is no bad thing if Mr Cameron's unilateral action - his "scrutiny committee" - starts a competition to be the most vigorous purger of wayward MPs.
If however, the control message is send AFTER fifty seconds, and the timer is no longer active, it will be processed.
But tea-partiers will consider all the worming and the takeover to have been for naught if a candidate from the right of the party fails to win its presidential nomination.
But if the leader chooses he may also call a meeting to criticize the offender in public.
However, the true value of the instrumentation is lost if each read point, each supplier, and each distributor are not fully interconnected.
But without real structural solutions, neither the bank nor a new stability fund has the firepower to beat back a really determined attack.
"But if the United States takes unilateral action without proper multilateral consultations and agreement that could spark big trade disputes, a trade war even," he said.
Yet the Fed's credibility could be at stake if it allowed itself to be bullied into a late U-turn that is not clearly justified by the data.
If push came to shove, though, and there was a serious crisis, the result would not be easy to predict.
If this amount is exceeded in any year, however, the excess can be carried forward and be offset against a shortfall in subsequent years.
However, if it is to improve defect containment, the focus should be at the end of the PCB assembly manufacturing process.
But it does help to understand the dynamics underlying each approach, and to make trade-offs explicitly rather than blindly.
However, if can wins the championship in the match, will lead Place on the scoreboard the infinite close year total champion.
If, however, you see this course as a way out, there might be some point to it.
"But if you take away my voice, " said the little mermaid, "what is left for me? "
But It's the kind of joke that when you tell it a hundred thousand times, you start to forget that it's a joke and kinda believe it.
If you're a pessimist you would say yeah, this is exactly what you would expect from a massive-over investment strategy.
However, if you are not content to follow, explosive arguments will erupt, leaving you both unhappy.
Surprisingly, your cost of living will increase should you be ever so slightly picky about your body care products.
However if you suffice to have business brains, does the second-hand handset's business also to be able to be good.
But if you and Daddy wanted to, I guess you know what's best for the family and for me.
But talk to many an inhabitant of today's big cities and you soon detect a rural background, and often a slight wistfulness with it.
However, if you rephrase the questions to be 'Do I need to buy a new car at this time?
But when you're a frequent flier, you can have an excessive amount of stuff.
But if you can and you have the time, I highly recommend laying on the couch some Saturday afternoon and giving it a try.
however , if you will now respectfully offer up that picture to the lord nobunaga , we shall this time overlook your fault.
However, "if you look at a lot of the other immigrant groups, the second generation seems to be having problems. "
But, if it is a waterproof style that comes with a stain warranty for the bed, then it is worth thinking about.
But you would too if a couple of Marlboro Lights and a celery stick were all you could expect at dinner time.
But if you really want them, get ready; the time to earn your Nobel Peace Prize may be right around the corner.
But if you know a little bit about the candidate beforehand, it's like a big weight on one side of the scale, and the interview is useless.
But if you're the right type of person to do it, a whole new world of vertical fun will open up.
But if you want to read about them, stop right here. This column is a great luscious orgy of optimism.
Besides, if you are an investment banker, you already know all about price manipulation, brand hype and market panic from your day job.
But if you want a baby, apparently, most people would prefer something in a brunette.
Or, if you're eating to the point of discomfort, be aware of your actions.
But if you were so inclined, apparently all you have to do work on the railroad.
Yet he would help you yet a little more if you will share your pains and joys with him, and leave them both to find the peace of God.
But if you allow things to open up throughout the whole body, you realize that if you think about anything at all you destroy that openness.
However, if you’re running a professional business site, you have to consider carefully if you want to detract from your message and professionalism with advertising.
But, if you peer into the quagmire of mishap, folly and intermittent crisis, you can also detect the essential contours of what will soon enough become Brown's full-blown general election campaign.
But when you look closely, you see that there are all kinds of emotional things that hitchhike on it as well.
But 'if you have a loan in the bank or an outside investor, something like this is well worth considering, ' he says.
However, you won't alter your mood if you go out but sulk the whole time.
But If you are pondering giving your baby a distinctive name - like, say, Garland or Malcolm - you might want to think again.
Yet it would be quite wrong to conclude that this is a big victory for the IMF or even for Germany. The outcome looks unworkable.
But you need to remember to call the invalidation methods at the appropriate time if you create your own Flex controls from scratch.
Still, if you're planning to use these with technically savvy roommates, there are a number of ways you could make the programs more secure.
However, if you can make the idiomatic pattern stand out from other code, it's easier to see that it is in fact something different.
If you go through your white flour in less than a year, however, you can safely keep it on the counter in an airtight jar or canister.
However, there are some things you should know if you are serious about the exam.
However, if you prefer to configure and tune these features yourselves, DB2 provides the option to disable default automation.
However, if you've carefully isolated your database access code within a handful of object methods, your modifications will likely be slight and centralized.
However , if you are in need of any other information not mentioned therein, please feel free to let us know .
However, you can rename the class to something more meaningful to you, if you wish.
However, if you know that the program cannot possibly use the stream that the handler uses at a time when signals can arrive, you are safe.
But, if it is global recognition the EU wants, Mr Blair can certainly oblige.
But it is hard to see what is being celebrated if Europe has no greater belief in its own culture than this.
But, if Apple were to implement an integrated, flip-out stand, as I suggested earlier, the stand could have the screw-hole, giving us all a win-win.
If Mr Putin does shrink from reform at home, however, he risks sowing the seeds of his own downfall.
Yet other schools might work better if their heads had the guts to cede more power .
Mr Zelaya would still have to face corruption charges if he were to return from exile.
What would be really surprising, though, is if Samsung is able to sustain the optimism as the year continues.
But residents old enough to remember a 2003 scandal involving mouldy mooncakes, probably will not mind.
But, if that is so, why not simply urge the government to stop the creation of money?
If, however, it turns out to be a perfect storm that brought down the Air France flight, I'll be curious to see how the industry reacts.
The American public might acquiesce to climate aid to China if it were sold as a kind of trade stimulus or partnership, however.
However, if you are writing code manually instead of recording, it becomes a hassle to type in all three of these lines of code.
If only phones could be used to pay for things, it would be easier to leave a wallet behind.
Still, if a double-chocolate raspberry truffle puts you in the mood, why let science get in the way?
However, if Foster is the best keeper in England, then Edwin van der Sar remains one of the best in the world.
But if misgovernance is not the cause of the general rise in executive pay, strengthening corporate governance is surely not the solution.
But if Lehman Brothers' collapse was unthinkable, they now face the unimaginable: fears of a sovereign-debt crisis in the euro zone.
But if all individuals of a species go without sex, over time harmful mutations build up and the species can go extinct.
But unless he's able to stamp his authority on both his team and his young team mate, that may be a diminishing dream.
However, if their adversary is not foolish he will also seek an ally to help overcome the threat.
However, if he does become more adaptable at playing in different roles, he will become a much more complete player.
"But if she's one of us, I'll enjoy the spectacle better, " he continued, but he didn't mean a word of it.
But if it looks like a crocodile and grins like a crocodile, it is probably best to treat it as a crocodile, just in case.
But a second round of balloting might not feasible if inclement weather sets in.
However, there might be a problem if inflation is high or if deposits continue to leave the banks' balance sheets.
However, that might not be the case if the problems spread further afield.
However, if I fall in love, if I love the woman at risk of such tragic event, I might as we hunt the lawlessness of the stem, like the lion.
Although I think he would have been happier if we surprised him with a visit from his wife Char.
Nevertheless, if all of space both inside and outside our horizon is infinite now, it was born infinite.
But if we tried to promote what we really flush down the toilet, I think some people might be grossed out.
Yet it isn' t true to say that the geese exercise achieved nothing: it did bring the 12 very close indeed.
"Still, it would be a very nice side-effect if it allowed us to tackle that concern too. "
But if I could get away with it, I would hire a marketing specialist for my next job interview!
However, if I were to meet him I would gladly take the chance to ask him many questions.
But if the court did keep Germany out, the consequences would be catastrophic.
However, if your project file or spreadsheet contains unsupported values, a warning is added to the cell that contains the unsupported data.
But if consumption, the very hallmark of American culture, did not save the day in the 2000s, why would it do so today?
However, being closely affiliated with your own government can also backfire, if the regime in the host nation falls out with it.
However , if the students just want to earn money or gratify their vanity in the business activities .
But, if the attempt to tame China goes horribly awry , make sure America is still around to help sort out the mess.
But if consumer spending is already rising strongly in Asia, there is little pent-up demand ready to explode.
Nevertheless, if the aim of the exercise was to restore confidence in the US banking system, the early signs are that it has worked.
Sales would have to skyrocket in the remaining months of the year just to meet last year's numbers.
But if a skeptic will try to save just 1% of his income, he’ll usually discover the process is painless.
However, if one client saves their changes, the other client will receive an edit conflict when they try to save back their changes.
But a large head would not be needed if it did not chew.
If, however, the same thing happens, the only thing that will fix it is replacing the faulty piece of hardware.
Fancier tablets could become cheaper, however, if mobile-telecoms operators were to subsidise them, as they do with handsets.
It would be a mistake, however, to view the expansion of the suffrage as either inevitable or peaceful.
Champagne corks should remain in place for the moment, though (if bankers are still drinking champagne these days).
But judged by the criterion Mr Bernanke had used for the Japanese economy in the late 1990s, something has gone badly wrong.
Eventually, users can whittle that fee down to nothing by tying their computers to The Pirate Bay's "cloud" network.
A good way to clean it is to rub it with gauze and toothpaste until the dirt is easily removed.
However, you can define both static and dynamic searches for the same object class if you have a hybrid group with both static and dynamic members.
But if someone gave you a horse as a present, would you look at its teeth? No, that would be impolite to judge evaluate a gift.
Still, if there’s not yet any discernible ceiling on brain-healthy exercise, there is a floor.
However, if either the source or target is a human actor, then the message is labeled with brief text describing the information being communicated.
But it would be surprising if one of those threats did not cause confidence to wobble at some stage in 2007.
However , if the database is damaged or lost when bulk logging is in effect, you cannot recover the database to the point of failure .
But if no candidate secures a majority of the nearly 400 lawmakers' votes, a runoff vote between the top two vote-winners will be held.
But if the company continues to flounder in the smartphone market it might consider going back to making rubber boots.
If the money were, however, to be considered a normal credit, then Greece would be entitled to get the money back.
But I thought it could be a good idea if an amount of the proceeds were to go to charity.
Well, if this story happens to reach Los Angeles and is read by a certain talent scout , the name's Bush.
But if the system allows the ruling party to lose power then it becomes a lot less palatable to the modern-day Mandarins.
However, in the case where these standards either do not exist, or have little or no adoption, alternatives must be sought.
However if be really so, An will doubt, this wench wasn't the occupation cutthroat that the antique periods crosses.
But if it were all so easy, why are we not all swallowing glasses of worm eggs at breakfast?
But if China embraced some of them for itself, who can guess at the limits to its celestial realm?
If it turns out that you can't match your labels to a configuration already set up in Publisher, it's still okay.
Yet now, 1982 is starting to emerge as an important crucible for one of America's defining issues: the soaring wealth of the top 1%.
But now there has been an even more dramatic shift from 'smoke-free to smoker-free workplaces, ' as the Times termed it.
Today, bold moves and shrewd negotiations have made the carmaker not just viable, but profitable.
Now, though, Philips, a Dutch engineering giant, may broaden that picture with the help of a tiny new scanner.
But now radar data from the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter have helped astronomers bisect a region of ice 1.2 miles (2 kilometers) thick and 155 miles (250 kilometers) across.
Now, however, with the government increasingly eager to develop a domestic theater scene to rival that of Broadway, there's more of an impetus to see a project like Mamma Mia! succeed.
But now a laboratory in Cambridge, England, has found a way to turn a hacker's screen instantly blank if he infiltrates the network.
However, the matter of remuneration will take care of itself, as it always does, if other things are all right.
But, as Fyodor Lukyanov, the Russia editor for Global Affairs, argues, this time the row has a political flavour.
In all probability, the Martini cocktail has no single inventor like in the case of many a masterpiece.
However, need for total removal of the tumor with a tumor-free margin overrides cosmetic considerations.
Yet at least Mr Ryan accepts that the present system is unaffordable and destined to collapse.
But Sweden has too often tried to acquiesce to and navigate between the rising superpowers of the world.
However, Switzerland's role as a safe haven will at times take precedent over the relative interest rate movements.
However, Revan fought his way into the Command Center, and, after a lightsaber duel, was able to convert Bastila back to the Jedi.
Still, the industry could risk diving back into oversupply if DRAM chip makers are over optimistic and invest heavily.
But it should eschew resentment if it wants China to co-exist easily with the rest of the world.
Looked at more broadly, Chinese IPOs have not been a total write-off for foreign banks.
However, she said that piece of deception Jade worthless so that she can not I sell low-cost, and perhaps Hence, she will be on the alert.
But if a crisis does engulf the world, that may be a leap some are willing to make.
And yet it sounds true too, knowing the sort of guy he is.
But when good intentions go awry, or just as an insurance policy, there are always vitamin pills.
But Zagreb refused to sell him in the summer to quell a revolt from fans unhappy that Eduardo had joined Arsenal.
Still, Sarkozy's wardrobe on his foreign trips does not seem to have affected his domestic popularity.
But Sarkozy also said the Palestinians were mistaken to seek full recognition as a state at the security council.
Sagna appeared to be the main aggressor after the duo clashed on 90 minutes.
However, Dr Cerf said he hoped that it would be possible at a later stage to monitor people without invasive surgery.
But the core racing experience tends to exist in Europe and particularly in Britain.
However, some parts of the route are on softer ground and can be prone to damage in the event of heavy rainfall.
But the troika is not as honest as to admit the impossibility of its own mission.
However, melamine may also be adopted by the packaging, pesticides, and other means of metabolism, non- human access to food.
But a quite different reform, decreed by him three years ago, may bear fruit sooner.
However, the use of a three favorite daily has the ability to expose their families to each other's secrets, and vigorously prank stuff.
But the clippers had had plenty of crew. Chichester did it all by himself, even after the main steering device had been damaged by gales.
However, the Korean company said it would wait for a judgement to be made before putting its product on sale.
However, Prof Sen declined to estimate how much it would cost to set up the university.
Monks, however, do not normally perform sacramental rituals for the laity, and would not normally officiate at baptisms and marriages.
Monks do attend funerals, however, since death is the gateway to an unseen world about which Buddhism has much to say.
Soon, however, Shakespeare began to adapt the traditional styles to his own purposes.
Capricorn's bones, joints, and knees, however, may be vulnerable to rheumatism, arthritis, neuralgia, stiff joints, and orthopedic problems.
But the root sources of additional money for these funds -- rising commodity prices, export growth and foreign reserve accumulation -- are now returning after a 12-month hiatus.
However, the submission of the shopkeepers encouraged Chiang Kai-shek and permitted him to turn his panic into madness.
Before retiring, however, she sat down to think, and gave herself up to the most gloomy forebodings .
But the idea of God suffering along with us can be very helpful.
But American retailers who enjoyed a brisk start to the holiday shopping season last month - are not ready to give up.
Last month, though, the former military headquarters of a colonial power was reincarnated as a "management campus" for UBS.
None of the above, though, accounts wholly for the behaviour of US bankers in extending soft loans to private equity.
However, the results above are not conclusive since more data and verification through a longitudinal study are required.
But the companies say it will be ready to go at all times and can be used on the wide variety of equipment found in the deepwater Gulf.
But the fact that this debate is even taking place is fascinating for two reasons.
Two Japanese ministers and the deputy chief cabinet secretary did visit the shrine over the weekend though.
That said, last weekend my husband and I stayed on a farm on the Isle of Wight (located off the southern cost of England).
The company made apparent on Friday, though, that its weaknesses will dictate its future for now.
However, it was not clear whether the group had sent in a formal bid for the loss-making Swedish car firm.
Taking a peek at the code, however, you see a number of important aspects of how the code works.
However, a few managed to survive the devastation, reaching the relative safety of great underground vaults.
But the arrow did the bird no harm; only it dropped a golden feather from its tail, and then flew away.
However, it is a complex task to configure secure MAC addresses statically, and is usually prone to error.
But, on reflection, becoming over- emotional is more of a risk for a leaver than challenging the entire board of directors to a fist-fight.
Now, though, caught in a war over the cost of trading shares, the NYSE quite rightly is looking at other markets with fatter spreads.
But God still wants obedient witnesses and He longs to use each one of us as His happy messengers. Let's not fail Him!
However, the Tribunal would not determine at this stage that the contractor's test was the only test for ascertaining rateable value.
However, stating ozone has no known medical uses is nothing short of sheer lunacy.
Yet Western expatriates in China have a far easier time than they did a generation ago. They no longer huddle in drab hotels and endure Maoist standards of food and service.
However, other fans have noted that due to the international success of the show, it's highly unlikely that Fox would not bring back the show to at least finish out the season.
Yet Mr Schmidt's deep technical background and sharp intellect make him happy to spar when need be.
It was only for 15 minutes, but my cat managed to pee on all the clothes I had laid out, including my prom dress. My prom is tonight.
In practice, however, partial privatization would almost surely undermine the public side of these programs.
However, the best part is that yacon tuber is actually a healthy way to satisfy your sweet tooth.
However, you can't assume you know how much she (or anybody) makes unless you've seen her tax returns.
In truth, the young woman had finally grown tired of the vanity of her life and felt ready at last to start a new life of asceticism.
But each of us is carrying around one of the most amazing objects ever created – and one that governs almost everything about how and why we think, feel, act and believe.
Actually, the shape and height of a woman' belly during pregnancy is determined by her muscle tone and the position the baby is in.
However, in reality maybe my reasons 'why' go back much further, maybe as far back as more than 10 years ago to an orphanage in Romania.
The singer though is China's top rocker Cui Jian, who recorded this cover in the 1990s.
Truth is, though, two scales did most of the work, as many technical jobs boiled down to multiplication and division.
But weaker banks have been the most reluctant to come clean: public data on their holdings are a year out of date.
The truth seems to be, however, that the mother-forest, and these wild things which it nourished, all recognised a kindred wildness in the human child.
The implementation of such a resolution scheme does raise a number of complex issues, however, and further study will be needed to develop specific, workable proposals.
But now and then, a frustrated worker will assail his assistant by casting aspersions on some aspect of the other's work.
But here or now, a frustrated stayer be to assail his assistant by casting aspersions on some aspect of the toit's stay.
However, the topical delivery of flowers has become a fashion, with too much, too bad, and even some sense of luxury.
Hourly earnings did not grow, so the yearly increase fell back to 1. 7%.
However, erosion and a crack in the stone make the end of the passage almost illegible.
But hydrocarbons these days are only a small part of what drives Texas's resilient economy.
But food has been seen as a cost to be cut, rather than an ingredient of good schooling.
Ye that have wronged me are not sinful, save in a kind of typical illusion; neither am I fiend-like, who have snatched a fiend's office from his hands.
As you work more with JMX, however, you could notice a number of idiosyncrasies when using implicit MBean construction.
However, devices with the other unchanged key shall continue to be able to connect to the wireless Hosted Network.
After using Snore Stopper? for only 2 weeks, I haven't snored as loud as before now as my wife told me she sleeps very well.
But Stieglitz said the deaths could account for a significant share of Laysan albatross chicks hatched during the current season.
But while Smith does indeed deliver a superbly wicked example of that genre, this is only a small part of her achievement.
But a compendium of facts is inevitably incomplete and deathly dull to read.
But the world’s powers might make use of the hiatus to reflect on how best to build on the system of policy coordination that guides world trade.
But the complexity of the connections in the world economy pretty much guarantees that bad news is almost never uniformly bad news in every market and for every consumer and investor.
But elsewhere, and especially in the countries where the World Bank and the I. M. F. held sway, things did not go well.
But what is often the case, and a good explanation of often hinder us the most, because it gives us grounds to stop, no further thought. Mr.
However, the simple fact is that if the government does not stop spending money on welfare and warfare, America may soon face an economic crisis that could lead to people being thrown into the street.
Against that, the Tory grassroots are increasingly environmentally conscious: polls show them to be greener than average voters.
In reality, though, the scariest menaces for humans in space are the tiniest: fast-moving elementary particles known as cosmic rays.
But malnutrition actually causes diseases as well, and can be fatal in its own right.
However, except on some rare occasions UN bombers remained out of Northeastern China during the war.
But arguably the biggest drag on liberalisation is old-fashioned resistance to open markets, plus a dash of reverence for letter writing.
But the truth is that we don't really know what Wikileaks is, or what the organization's ethics are, or why they've become such a stunningly good conduit of classified information.
But then it turned out to be referring to an obsession with integrity , which I don't suffer from quite so badly .
Now that this view has been proved false, a whole slew of new theories are competing to take its place.
It turns out, with enough momentum and a keen sense of how to use social media, it actually is.
Still, it turns out Chonqing Brewery is struggling to develop the necessary expertise.
The market however, is now short-term oversold, so we are not expecting much more downside without at least a pause or a modest rebound.
Markets responded with a shrug, however, partly because there are glimmers of a turnaround.
But the embarrassment to supporters of a market economy now lies in a different direction, namely the instability of credit and banking.
That promising, newest open standard in the market, however, is not always the best one to adopt.
But the market is now extremely oversold following recent decline, a situation which could trigger a corrective recovery.
'But isn't it a bit dull at times? ' the Mole ventured to ask. 'Just you and the river, and no one else to pass a word with? '
But shouldn't the secretary-general of the UN be much more than just an able bureaucrat?
But is there enough evidence to support treating chronic migraine sufferers with regular shots of the toxin around the head and neck?
"Bu Guo" is a connective, which is normally used at the beginning of a following sentence to restrict or revise the preceding sentence.
'Only a shepherd, 'repeated Gabriel in a dull voice, thinking of the disaster that had destroyed his hopes of being a farmer.
Just a pie? It's downright expert. A thing of beauty. How each flavor opens itself, one by one, like a chapter in a book.
Well, here and there with the accounts and so forth, because Mary doesn't understand any of that, she is such a dreamer!
"You'd be amazed at how difficult it is for somebody who doesn't know how to do this — to get his mouth open under the funnel, " Darnell says.
Nevertheless, there are always people who will try to topple the market leader.
But trying to solve a crisis by getting round a law, even a bad law, is not sustainable either.
And yet, by 2006, Tummy Tuck was in 1, 200 specialist shops across the UK, Netherlands, Canada, Scandinavia.
A major challenge to collecting cyber attack data, however, is that so much of the information resides with private companies that are not required to share it with the government.
But Cliff Stevenson, a trade consultant who collects the figures, said there had been a rapid uptick in the past three months.
But the falling forecasts indicate that even the most sanguine analysts are starting to worry about the burdens of a sagging economy and policy uncertainty.
But six months after the operation, I visited Lourdes, and there I saw a lady who had her long white hair tied back in a plait.
First, though, let us look at the product itself and its main components.
But first of all let us see in what other ways the peasants had been inflamed in the guerrilla areas.
First, however, we have to be able to name these enemies so that we can prepare the proper weapons to fight them.
But first, you can assign it a title by sending a header in the options for the request.
First, however, let me step back and ask how concerned citizens should be reacting to the disappointing economic news.
but first, i'm thinking our vic might have been a squirrel. mm. i'll check the bedroom.
However, first read the documentation carefully on how to use it properly; it includes interfaces to the unsafe functions as well.
The subject's sense of safety and morality remain entrenched throughout the experience, however.
But a public beleaguered by lost jobs seems loath to embrace such an idea.
But the poorest people in the US were not the only ones to feel the pinch of increased inequality.
But it is chock-full of designer clothes and fancy yachts that make for a fascinating read.
Still, it is the man, more than the science, who dominates this book, with his triumph over a terrible affliction, his courage, his humor and his admirable lack of self-pity.
However, people familiar with the negotiations said the offer was unlikely to be accepted.
The data was subject to some independent checking, however, and there is no evidence that anything was amiss.
Still, for decades, scientists had clues that a vast cloud of antimatter lurked in space, but they did not know where it came from.
But thousands of buildings of lesser historical significance could be put on the block as their upkeep has become an increasing burden.
The thickness of the bark and girth of the tree can influence the shape and nature of galleries and chambers .
But a declining population is going to have at least two very beneficial economic effects.
Still, the two companies continue to talk, knowing full well that an alliance could help them fend off a common enemy.
Yet the readiness to coexist on both sides may be stronger than is often realised.
But both sides recognize that progress must be made soon, or the threat of losing games to a work stoppage for only the second time in league history will increase.
However, both sides agreed there had been "great progress" and that an agreement on joint exploitation of hydrocarbons was "in sight" .
" But no one has thought of, aboard the ship Jujian investors not only to earn money, but along with it, " ran aground .
However who saw such fluctuation table to be able practical and the ingenious idea applauds for it.
If you say Zhou Benchi has no lofty ambition, I could never agree.
No one of course will know what went through his mind when he bought a bottle of petrol and burnt himself alive.
But scuba diving, submersibles and all the work that we're setting about to do here will help rectify that.
But, after all, one of those poor words of mine may spring up in his heart as a good seed some day.
For the record, though, Harper said he liked the music of Bono's band U2.
Ultimately, though, trying to muscle China into revaluing the yuan would be a mistake.
At the very least, disqualify stocks with less than $10 million in sales in the most recent quarter.
But, as for inert, senseless Matter, nothing that I perceive has any the least connexion with it, or leads to the thoughts of it.
However, when it comes to consuming, I rather prefer something that will help me to consume social channels in a most efficient way.
Speaking of the electorate, though, what are the political merits of the president's approach?
Still, to regard a druid as merely a healer is a dangerously simplistic assumption that has led to the defeat of many an unwary foe.
But in truth, my grammar has a lot of problems when it encounters ambiguous phrases.
But I would be very surprised if the racing will be more exciting to be honest.
But seriously, its not just a question of who, but more of what the combined voices might sound like.
But, honestly, I don't believe that in the end the new masculinity will prevent the growing-up conflicts between fathers and sons.
But to be honest, the role I want to play most is the firefighter.
But really, how much research do I have to do for that, besides watching a few old Columbos?
Although admittedly, I'd get in the car with Morgan Freeman if he was wearing a blindfold and had two severed arms.
He recognizes, however, that this dream of a second fiscal stimulus is unlikely to materialize.
But that, apparently, is not enough for Mr Scott: he wants to test state workers at least quarterly.
But Spano managed to turn the orchestra into a world-class ensemble as well as an incubator for new American music.
Still, Mr. Spielberg's difficulties winning financing don't bode well for the rest of the film industry.
But a little scarcity will triumph over a low-price image, says Stanford's Prof. Shiv.
However, Mick Davis, chief executive of Xstrata, indicated that his company continued to eye Anglo.
Private sector economists demur, however, instead calculating a 1 per cent to 3 per cent month-on-month fall.
But then, he had death living with him inside his flimsy little shirt already. Hard to see how it would matter if death came any closer.
But over 90 percent of the deaths from seasonal flu are among the elderly, while the swine flu mostly affects the young.
Yet it seems that actors at tonight’s ceremony – who include British stars Helen Mirren, Colin Firth and Carey Mulligan – have been shying away from accepting the lavish giveaways.
But at least the superorganism that seems to be emerging, though in some ways demanding, isn't the totalitarian monster that Orwell feared;
However, it appears that nobody is willing to make compromises or make concessions and the situation seems to be in stalemate.
However, Sullivan, just know how to read teacher thought and speechless, still not convenient communication.
However, sushi experts cautioned amateurs about the seriousness of handling raw fish and about insufficiently trained sushi-chefs.
But while China may be a middling economy by GNP, its aggregate size gives it a lot of clout.
However, carefree and joyous indeed as the scenery of the attractions, the real charm of Gulangyu can by no means be represented.
But while it looks like he has sprouted legs, this angler fish's limbs are just the fins he uses to balance himself on the sea bed.
Yet as ominous as the drumbeat out of Europe is, there is some reason to believe the dancing will go on for a bit.
But while Prada is one of the most influential designers in the world, it seems the real force behind the business is her husband Bertelli.
But while carmakers continue to extract as much efficiency out of their cars, we hope aesthetics don't get laid completely by the wayside.
However , although the biscuits have enough to eat , a bowl of shark fin can come to a better course .
But in spite of the hangover from the recession, residential prices have begun to stabilise as the economic outlook has improved.
He has yet to shed his polarising image, but he has at least built up an enviable record on the economy.
But while they are engaged in international politics, they tend to remain aloof from domestic politics.
But while she was practicing at an isolated cove, a four-meter long tiger shark ripped off her left arm.
However, even though I recognize the coolness of predictive indexing, my simple function does not bother implementing it.
But desirable though chastity and constancy might be (and achievable, too, if the under-15 data are reliable) they cannot do the job alone.
And while women are now able to be the family breadwinner, a third of mothers feel guilty about going out to work and leaving the children.
And while women are now able to be the family breadwinner, a third of mothers feel guilty about going out to work and leaving the children.
But while many things begin in the Crossroads, few ever reach their fruition there.
And yet, while no country is immune from financial contagion, Asia does have independent engines of growth.
However, although there is only negligible bias, the limits of agreement have somehow to be related to the original scale of measurement.
But much as I may want to join the cause to save the prepuces, the anti-circumcision stance may not be as humanitarian as it appears.
But it later bounced back after a recovery on Wall Street to close up 1% at 4, 087 after another choppy day's trading.
But a collapse of the euro would bring with it unprecedented technical, economic and political costs (see article).
With the end of the presidency of Wallace B. Smith in 1996, however, no Smith descendant was available to take the reins of leadership.
However, governance is becoming increasingly important as IT organizations move up the SOA maturity curve.
However, with the popularity of Twitter, most people use their Twitter handle which is often a one-word name anyway.
However, the penny farthing's popularity lasted only about 20 years, until the advent of the safety bicycle.
Although casino executives should prepare for worse as the battle to attract the VIP customer increases in ferocity .
But as Freeman sets out to bring his couture coffee to a broader audience, even he wonders whether everyone is ready.
However, as the overhang of excess capacity and debt has disappeared, capital spending is now starting to perk up across Asia.
But how has your juggle changed as your children grow older, or as other family demands evolve?
Still, with circumstances shifting, ensure that what you organise can be rearranged when events dictate.
But their wars ended in 146 B.C. with defeat for the Carthaginians and the sacking of Carthage, the capital, in modern Tunisia.
Meanwhile, the field moisture remains relatively high, the wheat diseases and pests are easy to develop and spread.
Still , the KIA is flooded with applications from young Kuwaitis and even executives who have returned as its coffers have swelled .
However, along with itinerary of beginning, with surroundings traveller of mutual acquaint with, my fear feeling gradual disappear.
Nevertheless as south raise groove build east move, later period begins department of this city cloud to will be added gradually now much.
This may be about to change, however, with the emergence of a new marketing tool: persona design.
But there this was kind of trajectory which happens in companies where over time, where roles change and people's styles don't mesh as well.
However, as markets developed and a culture of criticism arose, people needed a shorthand way to refer to Renaissance pieces.
But with the kids on monsters and more accustomed to intimidate the tricks to get their screams has become a difficult thing.
But as the torrent of information increases, it is not surprising that people feel overwhelmed.
However, the competition for good China deals is about to intensify with a raft of new funds.
And yet, as the Kauffman Foundation rolls on, with its vast cash pile, I cannot help chuckling at the irony of all this.
But with the resulting bubble contributing to a deep recession, US tolerance for this mercantile sleight of hand has come to an end.
As a mess of businesses is slowly untangled, however, it is at least becoming clear what AOL thinks its purpose in life ought to be.
But as she smashed it repeatedly into a wall the other day, she soon got the hang of it.
However, that trend was reversed yesterday as confidence was knocked by a trade spat over Chinese tyre exports involving the US.
But Japan's economic growth is expected to pick up in the second half of this year as reconstruction gets underway.
But as the stalemate continues over plans to raise the debt ceiling by Aug. 2, investors are growing worried.
However, the style you use has nothing to do with whether you create a loosely typed or generic interface or not.
However, all the scientists agree that more data is necessary to prove that radon levels in water are associated with the possible birth of an earthquake.
However, all of the workflows are executed to one degree or another, even if only to tweak artifacts based on feedback from other flows.
Nevertheless, the goal of all macroeconomic research is to make general statements about how the economy works.
But all bubbles are identifiable, and the process described in the paragraph above is not invisible to the naked eye.
However, all agree that over the long term the potential economic benefits of Chinese tourism would be very big.
However, all humans shall be related to one or more of these seven root races in their ancient ancestry, as all humans are indeed ONE.
But all the emperor's statements have to be approved by the prime minister's office. Not surprisingly, most of what he says is bland.
But all three of those missions were at least ostensibly tied to U. S. national interests.
All three are part of an ideological brawl about the size of government though.
Nevertheless, all this is transparent to you, as you still end up with a node that has the name you want.
None of these approaches solve what many consider to be the "hard problem" of consciousness: subjective awareness.
All but one of those economists are currently or have previously been on the Fed payroll.
But Sonne worked in IT, a field more suited to people with autism and related conditions like Asperger's syndrome.
April 1 but he said in a statement, accepting responsibility, and to pay a fine of two committees.
But, he viewed " hereditary monarchy" as the unique port of salvation- that's a very religious image--that could save France.
But he must assure that the US's intent is not to isolate, but to draw them into the community of nations.
But he says the long-term outlook is positive and argues that the entire sector will be rerated upwards over the next few years.
But similar technology could be used to do things silicon can’t do, he says, such as make smart bandages that can sense infections or freshness-sensing food packaging.
He conceded that, with its memory and logic operations alongside foundry, Samsung was a different case.
However, chances of a speedy European recovery were much lower by comparison, he said.
But if the Japanese currency started moving in the other direction, it would cost the group Y6bn a year for each Y1 appreciation, he said.
However, he said the the education of the workforce was essential if the trend of stronger productivity growth was to continue.
However, he said the railway would form the first leg of a planned "trans-Guinea rail network" .
But mid-career artists with lower-priced pieces may suffer because the value of their work is less certain, he says.
However, he says that he may be able to pull something out of the hat for his most loyal customers.
But he said he had not changed the goal because it underlined the government's determination to fight inflation.
However, he said, Taobao Mall basic strategy is to use the platform of the ways and means of the Internet to solve this problem.
'I just may be priced out, is the bottom line, ' he said.
But he expressed confidence that the company can stand up to the competition.
Favaloro said, however, that there was a danger in some areas, particularly Italy, of clients jumping from a super-safe asset, such as a bank deposit, straight into a quite risky one.
However, "change is coming" in the wake of the new fee disclosure rule, which was bound to affect profitability, he said.
But he said he was okay, and it is admirable that he wants to play.
Still, he is upbeat and cheerful, a contrast with his often grumpy on-screen persona.
But he wasn't sure whether the brightly colored invader would appear on the menus of Miami Beach eateries.
But he does not count it a serious loss in a series that can only touch the surface of such a vast subject.
However, he did not foresee a Sino-Russian alliance in the making, adding: "That is not happening yet. "
But rather than ascribing it to any sort of malicious intent he said it's likely a "cockup rather than a conspiracy. "
But, he never justified himself by a hint tending that way, or tried to bend the past out of its eternal shape.
But he is not without weakness, even on the hardwood court that he so thoroughly dominates.
However, he would not rule any eventual roll-out, saying: "It is important that we continue to innovate. "
However, he would not say which assets the company was interested in or whether any deal was imminent.
He was the only one not in bondage to the law of sameness that reigned in that spellbound sleeping castle.
However, what he didn't know was that the first sting had turned his body into a time bomb waiting for the next to set off an explosion.
But he added: "Giving children their own 'must-do' chores is great for self-discipline and for building their confidence.
However, he added, "any kind of a contraction would be a surprise" .
But he would not still be living here today, he adds, if the country had not wrenched itself out of Mao's shadow during 30 years of "reform and opening."
But he did help his younger sister with speech therapy exercises, and he is a tech enthusiast who sees no limit to the potential of apps.
However, he had been an outstanding player and the deaf people still talk about him and his years in baseball.
But he was handsome, with his thin, boyish face, bright blue eyes and -incredible grin.
However, he accepted that tough economic conditions would mean that inward investment would be hit next year.
He acknowledges, however, that face-to-face meetings are still valuable; the company meets as a whole three times a year.
Yet he acknowledges that, though "the [Turkish] ship is steady, the seas are choppy, a storm might erupt at any time. "
However, he acknowledged the high levels of resistance and scepticism, especially among the Chinese military.
However, he never loses the line registration; and the book remains quite pliable.
But he gamely tries to widen his focus to include at least a bit of the British viewpoint.
But Mr Tordecilla was in the city that day, filing a complaint about threatening demands they had received to vacate their land.
But he did not touch her. His shirt cuff glowed against the plum velvet of the chair arm.
He hoped, however, that this was only because they were too poor to travel and too uneducated to write.
But he did feel like the end result of the pressure of life too, but determined to wash her hands, and stop this "work" lead a normal life.
"He's a husky young fellow, though, " he admitted generously. "If they hadn't taken him away, he might have given me my hands full. "
Then he had to help his niece with her report on the pioneers.
But each of his sculptures – like the collections of chocolates he devises and the chocolate lolly I taste – can be, in fact demands to be, eaten.
Nevertheless, his friends seem to think he would make a great attorney general or federal judge, perhaps even a Supreme Court Justice.
Still, he was the very image of American people in his gleaming black shoes, gray overcoat, and new hat.
His manners, however, must have been unmarked, wavering, dubious, or she could not have been so misled.
But he was such a good operator-by the time he was nineteen he was winning competitions for speed-that everyone always forgave him.
His title belied his power in Pyongyang, though, which was thought to trail only that of Mr. Kim and his brother-in-law.
His left arm was still strong enough to heft an axe, however, and he was busy digging a zai.
However, his works were preserved in Syrian and Arabic cultures and were revived at the end of the twelfth century.
However, he seems to be bored with his previous quarter on existing style , therefore, he are aware of how his creative evolution.
He remains very interested in issues of design in the everyday world, and is an avid photographer.
He marvels at how the Chinese "could be so candid in revealing shortcomings" to outsiders.
Always proud of his writing, he would gladly sign one of his 16 books - provided it was sent to him with a stamped and addressed return envelope.
But he urged China to remain prudent, saying any international event can be a potential terrorist target.
But, " (checking himself), " you will not think it a good place, for yours were always kept in the butler's room.
But he found that, within only a few years, almost a third of the papers had been refuted by other studies.
But his father had told him to keep away from Mr. Hugo and the Little Miss.
Yet he was also a physicist, lingering at CERN, which he found "agreeable and stimulating" , until his retirement in 1990.
But he too is adamant "we cannot go forward with 17 different public opinions [in the eurozone]".
However, he also uses many other sources, all mentioned in the bibliography in the book.
But he was not too forgetful to see Wang Lung dipping the water recklessly from the cauldron into a deep wooden tub.
He does, however, cut his facial hair closely with a beard trimmer, pledging, 'I'm not ever going to look like a lumberjack. '
But he decided to give it a go and slipped on his mother Georgie's bra and a tight pink slinky dress, a wig, and towering heels.
He did offer this gem up, though, out of the blue: 'My mother never considered using a dishwasher. '
But he took off his sweater and they began jogging slowly around the cinder track.
But he did the next best thing by transforming the couple's garden in Saham Toney, Norfolk , into a desert landscape.
But he invited me to come to a ceremony they were having that day for her grandmother.
He added, though, that S&amp;P's move is a mere 'gesture' and predicted that it won't actually downgrade the U. S. sovereign rating.
But he says many members may vote in favor of it, because China has not taken enough measures to rein in the trade gap.
But he needed an accomplishment that belonged to his own. He didn't want anyone to say " he is riding on Daddy's name. "
But after he thought about it, he shared a memory of evenings at his house when he was a teenager.
For the first time in years, this one sleeps differently. With a subtle smile, a dash of poise, and a history free of envy.
Yet he and other experts counsel against assuming that there is an indiscriminate shift towards rejecting foreign capital.
However he and his peers cautiously predicting that this will not happen again.
Still he and his team decided to closely monitor biomarkers associated with the diabetes, including insulin and glucose pathways.
However, he subsequently obtained Spanish nationality in order to serve the Spanish Crown, so that he could try to find a westward route to the Spice Islands of Indonesia.
But he did call for a review of U. S. -Japanese "force posture, " and for more practical bilateral cooperation.
Still, he kept his evasive and deadly spacecraft fully equipped in order to maximize his capabilities.
But he serenades them with Chinese songs from school, with flawless schoolteacher diction and a gusto that would startle his actual teachers if they heard it.
Still, he achieved huge publicity (and got to pocket 25, 000 francs of the advance), and the idea took on a life of its own.
It is sparsely furnished, with a desk but no sofa and bunk beds in the corner.
But he insisted that NATO forces will not be allowed to operate in Pakistani territory.
But he insists the bank left plenty of room for error and that the deal remains "compelling" .
"I've always said that I wanted to play in Europe and Stoke City have given me that opportunity, so my future is undoubtedly here at the Britannia Stadium," said Shawcross.
But his "last-ditch effort" is simply "at slowing things down" , and this bold venture takes the form of typing another memo to his boss.
But he put worry on his face and held the thing out to her, wrapped head to toe in the old blanket she had given him.
Nevertheless, he continues, the largest rates of methane release considered by the researchers “are considerably larger than scientists have seen in the Arctic recently.
But, he explains because there was such strong concern expressed by many parents, school authorities decided to relieve their anxiety.
He warned, however, that the transition carried a potential threat to the region's dynamism.
Nevertheless, he continued to vacillate, like Hamlet, in the execution of his filial obligation to his late father's request.
But he declined to say when it might be ready or what it might contain.
But it was just like Ellen, he felt, to have rushed in bareheaded, carrying the boy in her arms, and to have dazzled poor Mrs. Winsett into forgetting to ask who she was.
but he was beginning to fear his tendency to dwell on the things he disliked in her.
that would have been political suicide. But he saw anti-Soviet slogans and hostile workers who refused to talk to the Russian visitors.
He had looked at the milling sheep with a sour expression, said, "Some a these never went up there with you. "
He'd seen a Discovery Channel documentary in which a couple in similar straits had made snowshoes out of their car seats.
Yet he still looks more like the gifted young aide of 1997 than an omnipotent central banker.
But he seemed harmless enough. So there, in the steak house, my belly warm and full, I said yes.
He must have been a pretty sweet talker though, because he did manage to get his bishopric back after just a few years.
Buteverhe suckedandchewedonthe crushed bones of the caribou calf, theleast remnants of which he had gathered up and carried with him.
Still, in the deserted lanes which lie near the Rue Poliveau, he thought he felt certain that no one was following him.
But by G--, you lost a fine sight by not being here in the morning to see the Thrush go out of harbour!
However, he gave no hint about the timing of such a move, saying only that it would happen "sooner or later" .
However, he didn't talk, he could know better than to give offense to sorcery fatigue union.
However, he did not mention the Japanese government will do with this incident, or whether Russia will protest through diplomatic channels.
Gen. Chen did not, however, say how China planned to use the carrier.
It lacked an outer shell, though, and Threepio had to live with the indignity of being "naked, " with his parts and wiring showing.
Several evenings a week, Can also teaches jiujitsu, a Japanese martial art involving wrestling , and also does Thai boxing .
To one degree or another, though, they said investors should be extremely cautious over the short term.
Still they note that there's "no conclusive evidence" for recommending fish oil to prevent a first or subsequent heart attack.
But is their increasingly fervent devotion enough to thwart the spread of a sparer and more businesslike style of punctuation, from which apostrophes will be omitted?
But they would have it a lot of the time - when they're in a Wi-Fi equipped home, office, coffee shop, etc. , where it's generally free.
But they mostly play defense, and that's what Naval Postgraduate School professor John Arquilla wants to change.
But their campaign strategists are both more skilful and more ruthless than their Liberal counterparts.
But, if they have survived, they are not in this book; is it really an impertinence to wish that they were?
However, they are quite secretive about how much money they make from overseas operations.
Their glee is premature: India's economy, like Delhi this week, remains far too hot.
First, though, they turned to a young executive called Jorma Ollila to see if the mobile phone division could be turned around.
But they also do rarer dishes such as dou jiang, chunks of a smoky pigskin jelly inlaid with chopped beancurd and vegetables.
However, it did not take long before they gathered themselves and politely cheered the foreign conqueror.
But maybe a Petri dish overrun with bacteria should make the list. Because a new study shows that cigarettes are contaminated with a bevy of nasty bugs, including some that cause disease.
However, they must be prepared for the above resolution to go into effect, for it is unalterable.
But here is what they're not telling you: The Great Bond Caper is also an incredible tax dodge.
But walks of any length beat sitting at home with your feet up and watching television, they stress.
Yet they tend to be individualistic and footloose: any bank's capital will do.
But they did have a strong sense of a need for terrestrial matters to be brought into synchrony with the heavens.
But, they say, there does seem to be a change in the air.
But they are still economists, with worldviews that are still excessively individualistic and rationalistic.
But that doesn't stop them from applying the stylistic vocabulary of leading designers to the projects they do have to work on.
But they still considered luxurious displays and lavish spending to be worldly and thus morally problematic.
But the three of them then go to another hotel room where a fourth guy actually has the painting.
'But there were two of 'em, Uncle, ' cried the boy, as if that were a great triumph. 'You said only one. '
However they are such enormous projects that the suppliers have the MoD over a barrel, and what do you know?
After all, they are about trying to persuade others of your opinion, based upon questionable research.
But they said even though China has yet to officially announce the meeting, they do expect the six-party session to go forward as planned.
But they theorize that it may be because the chemicals disrupt thyroid hormones, which are critical to an infant's brain development.
But this is only motive: the gruesome, fascinating mechanism of a crime against science – the methodological flaws – that's where the action is.
But they also shoot If so can be said that, on an estimated audience of this love, like with the Spring Festival Gala.
However, they did analyse share price movements one hour each side of the 40-minute window and found share prices almost unmoved.
But nor are they eager to squander more lives and money on a war that many voters think America has already lost.
But they also seem to feel that what they've done to improve China's statistics isn't sufficiently appreciated by the public.
DOES rejoice. Still, the place you live in is that much more drab and empty that they're gone.
But they should allow him to leave with as much dignity as he can salvage. Resignation would be humiliation enough.
They were impolite to China, at least to Beijing. It's just like shaking hands with you with gloves on, which implied you are felt dirty.
But they are trying to lessen the damage by keeping the most vulnerable pilgrims away.
They will have at least three and a half more years, though, to gather good data on upper atmospheric dynamics.
But then they end up with self-contained, monolithic systems on which those business processes have to run.
But when they converted to biodynamic farming, they were able to repay their debt after only one cropping season.
But their eventual fate makes no difference to the insights I gleaned through meeting them.
But he concedes: 'Telomere tests might become commonplace, but probably not the tests we have now. '
But his conformist image and manner belie his break with strait-laced japanese business conventions.
However, it was an exceeding good, pretty letter, and gave Mr. and Mrs. Weston a great deal of pleasure.
But his unassuming words mask a cultural pride: Mr Wang says Chinese companies are smarter and work harder than their western competitors.
However, he stressed that this is one of many possible options, not the French government preferred option.
instead , it well could be a rather rapid turnaround from inactive list in march to playoff prepared.
However, he learned the most from his nine years as a pastor of West Hopewell Presbyterian Church in the small blue-collar town of Hopewell, Virginia.
Yet he has the time to do these things with other senior managers.
But he also rued the impact on his own reputation, saying that his name was now linked widely on the Internet with the rape allegation.
But his tenure was marked by domestic gridlock, strained relations with China and the US, and a string of corruption scandals.
He said it was possible Myanmar was bartering uranium ore for conventional weapons, maybe even missile parts or technology.
But he sees empathy -- and the irrational acts of spending that spring from it -- as a trait to be cherished.
However, he characterized policy responses so far as "reasonable" and was still optimistic about his exposure to Indonesia and South Korea.
However, he argues, on the one hand the debate about these issues is unavoidable.
Still, he argues that because of the regime's brutality, an armed struggle is now the only option.
Still, he said the economy will eventually recover given its underlying strengths, and that the main uncertainty is the timing.
He felt sure, however that he could overcome every obstacle, and devoted himself with invincible purpose to the trial.
Nevertheless, he believes that it is really a subject for historians rather than geologists.
Still, he said a collapse of AIG would have wreaked havoc on the global economy.
Yet, uttering his long-restrained emotions so vehemently as he did, his words here offered her the very point of circumstances in which to interpose what she came to say.
but he is not to be punished if the slave gets up after a day or two, since the slave is his property.
He says he did nothing illegal and did not pay an aide to keep quiet about their tryst.
He is also warm-hearted guy and ready to share useful information with others. His questions do help me to perfect my job.
But first he returns to England with Friday, after an absence of thirty-two years. Crusoe is now a rich man.
Still, he said Obama will "have to take some of the corporate tax benefits away to pay for it. "
But he said the IOC's executive board could limit future torch relays to within the borders of the Olympic host nation.
But he said his coalition government will continue to pursue its own strategy in countering the Taliban insurgency.
But he said he came away convinced that there was no particular government policy and that decisions were made on a 'case by case' basis.
Overall, though, signs of a rebound are 'good news for the engine of our city and state economy, ' he said.
And this is where he did show us some acknowledgment of the facts, the acknowledgment was health-care costs are growing too fast.
While he said there is nothing wrong with gambling , he advised his son to be careful.
But he said the average daily rates and service levels -- including high-speed Internet access -- will target upscale business travelers.
But Mr. Haeg said the bank had 'no role in suggesting the language. '
But he said the handover of power from one member of the Castro family to another does not bode well for Cuba's immediate political future.
Still, he said, the current campaign is unlikely to be effective because participants don't yet 'recognize that it's a bad thing.
But he said that the current blueprint, if passed, at least deals with the debt ceiling and that the government's bills will be paid.
But he said it can be mitigated if banks reach out to people who receive money transfers from abroad, known as remittances.
But he said he really liked it and reassured me I could dye it back whenever I wanted.
He said he plans, nonetheless, to press China 'to avoid the mistakes we've made but to continue with reform. '
But he said the biggest achievement of his administration has been keeping America safe.
But he said that he was making a real deal with Scofield and he wanted his cut.
McMahon. Still, he said he has no way to know whether the storage tanks will become full soon, despite some ' unconfirmed reports' they had.
But, he adds, 'we were going to be a lot more financially secure with her job than mine. '
But he said the discussion shouldn't distract from the central issue of tackling Greece's fiscal problems.
However, efforts to shore up financial sectors in the U. S. and Europe are still 'far from what we need, ' he said.
He said, however, that the panel's request on Wednesday was forwarded to him by an Olympus executive, which, Mr. Woodford said, raised questions about the panel's independence.
But he said we shouldn't mutiny against the teachers because there were some police outside and we might get into trouble.
However, he said, 'I'm trying to not freak out and just do something.
But he said it is too early to say whether Breivik will plead insanity at trial.
However, he said the Shannon Airport Authority should be granted full autonomy from the Dublin Airport Authority and "debt-free" status.
However, he said the new royalty agreement incorporates an "experimental approach" that addresses concerns on both sides.
But he said the Commission had removed many names that had been registered more than once.
However, he said that Zaitokukai is doomed to remain a fringe group because few Japanese admire the group's abrasive tactics.
Yet not a day goes by in Traverse City, he says, without a Republican giving him a handshake or a hug.
But he said the facility could still be valuable for generating hypotheses about environmental effects.
All this, though, was before the Greek sovereign debt crisis saw the eurozone under siege.
However he said it "does not detract from the Government's monumental failure to retain the Aer Lingus - Heathrow service" .
Still, he said that government intervention to revitalize the economy should not stay forever, adding that policy makers should study proposals and timing to remove the stimulus, the exit strategy.
Yet he presented himself as the only person who would tussle fiercely and relentlessly enough to triumph.
Still, he said the focus clearly remained on Western Europe, and, in particular, Italy because of that market's ability to define trends.
But he said it remains possible that the recently announced regulations could significantly affect companies like Tudou.
But he seems to have tapped on the brake. He no longer talks about increasing the number of new markets the firm enters to 50 and beyond.
The most valuable thing he did, however, was champion the cause of that volatile and "dangerous" convert, Saul of Tarsus .
"But, " he said of the Beehaus, "we support anything that helps promote the honeybee. "
But he admitted his fellow Argentine Lionel Messi, the scorer of two goals in the first leg, was the real star of the show.
However, he said, they were cautious about investing at a time of high domestic valuations.
However, that does not mean U. S. forces will be engaged in Afghanistan and Iraq for decades or in large numbers indefinitely, he said.
However, he also said the UV will also make fabric fading, embrittlement, strength reduction.
However, He will likewise offer to you, via communication with your heart, an emotional sense of unrest, longing, and desire for balance.
However, he said, such as to be returned to China Securities Depository ( CDR ) form a more favorable market in the Mainland.
However, he revealed that of the 414 people arrested in Lhasa since the riot, some were monks.
he said. Then he caught himself; his wife wanted a new Bible for study, not so it would look chic sticking out of her purse.
The next moment, however, the burning in his belly died down and the world began to look more cheerful.
However, he hoped that the company would be able to reactivate coal, oil and gas power stations quickly, adding roughly 7m KW.
He loved thefeeling of weightlessness and the excitement and adventure of it all.
However he was clearly suffering from delusions and it seemed to me he was a particularly severe case of manic depressive.
He, though, clearly remains very fond of LL, asking after her wellbeing and wondering whether there was anything he could do for her.
But there was no time for him to think about it, because now he had Yuan Shao to fight.
" Still, he says with a laugh, " it is better to be shocked at tight jeans than kill each other over mistrust.
But he chose a drastic method of staving off wrinkles, a potbelly, the whims of a fickle public.
But he also said the two sides did not happen during the armed conflict.
But he also made it clear that he was ready to hunt all the "rats" to eliminate anyone who participated.
He is also worried about the theft or damage of the solar panels but hopes that this does not happen to the project.
But he's also quick to point out that despite all their disagreements, he and Gates had a rapport that simply worked.
But he warns this kind of local uprising will not last without strong backing from government officials.
However, he did not say whether NATO should be armed to overthrow Gaddafi and anti-government personnel.
But he also accesses a more percussive language, prompting a thick and aggressive interplay with the rhythm section.
The step was only a beginning, though, he said, with other key moves -- such as releasing all political prisoners and ceasing military campaigns against ethnic minorities -- as yet undone.
But he cautioned: ‘It really doesn't matter if you're a man or a woman, you need to be inside when there's a thunderstorm in the area.
However, he said the Fed is unlikely to repeat in the near term the extensive stress-tests done on major U. S. banks earlier this year.
If higher rates are paid for that funding, it will get passed on through higher consumer mortgage rates, however, he said.
But Bradlee added that governments overdo claiming threats to national security to try to suppress unfavorable articles.
"But Brown is always concerned about how the economy is affecting the tailoring business, " continues Everest.
He was never able to regain the ground he lost, however, and for five months they encamped in his bedroom.
For the plant had disappeared, and the king remained as melancholy and sad as ever, but the sentry said he had always been so.
Yet he was always a scholar. His catalogue of collectors' marks is still a classic.
However, Mr. Kim continued to command attention and relevance in the world by building nuclear weapons and selling other arms.
But he has proven electoral appeal, having wrested control of the traditionally conservative Bundang constituency in a by-election in April.
Still he had a strange prescience , an intimation of something yet to come.
However, technology that mitigates the "jeopardy" factor of living on your own is not far off, he said.
But, " again he paused, and meditated his chewed cigar profoundly--" it may be we're due now for a change.
He, along with the rest of the United States team, did not make it past the initial rounds in singles competition.
However, after experiencing several hardware incompatibility issues, he upgraded to testing sarge to solve his problems.
But profit for the second half would be "slightly down" on the bank's record A$730m first-half result.
But soon after arriving in Rome, he condemned Thursday's attacks in the British capital as "ferocious. "
But one of his rivals for the Republican nomination refuses to acknowledge that he is a Christian.
Still, he went with a snug set of dark blue Acme jeans under a black Dior blazer.
Still, his relative detachment at the New York Fed should shield him from ultimate blame for a crisis that few in mainstream economics saw coming.
But he said in Turkey that he will not relent in the ongoing effort to destroy al-Qaida.
But he relies heavily on Heller's own memoir and the published observations of others.
The breakthrough came when he teamed up with Steptoe, who was working on the then-novel technique of laparoscopy (keyhole surgery).
But here he was pledged to defend, on the part of his betrothed's cousin, conduct that, on his own wife's part, would justify him in calling down on her all the thunders of Church and State.
Yet he admitted early in his term that he felt “incompetent”. The burden of office weighed heavy.
yet he knew , as well as if each one had whispered to him privately , that this shady incident had shaken them.
He did not become an expressive character until Vonda McIntyre's The Crystal Star, but even there he is mostly a cooing infant.
But then, as Lord Flyte was a person invented by Evelyn Waugh, this example may not be conclusive.
But, he said, full recovery requires a strong rebound in end-user demand and not just an end to inventory liquidation. (Reporting by Carole Vaporean, Editing by Carol Bishopric)
Nonetheless, he notes, they turn out on voting day in the same proportion as the rest of the population.
However, he had at last been allowed to send a fax in which he informed the editor.
At least he had remembered "broad meander valley, " while looking at his map and the scenery.
But his chief pride was in his gardens, whose fruit was of gold, hanging from g olden branches, half hid with golden leaves.
But he decided in the end that he and his accomplice , Sarah, would keep the baby.
However, in a speech at Cambridge University yesterday, he said the global financial crisis had "not yet hit the bottom" .
nevertheless, he made a significant and lasting mark on the Journal thanks to his predilection for the use of proper language.
His angry-young-man reputation has been softened by charitable works, including a foundation he started with his wife, Ann.
Yet, "I'm confident that, even in this darkest of hours, they will once again persevere, " she said.
Just the same, she is reluctant to call her work at Rookie a job.
But she does not do that classic liberal sidestep of going only so far, before retreating into patriotic disclaimers.
Without mentioning what to do, she stealthily went to the bedroom, and removed everything off the bed.
But she isn't putting her career on hold while she waits for her boyfriend of more than two years to graduate.
she soon withdrew them , however , and retreated a few feet to rest against the window - sill.
But she ignored all that unimportant trivia, because the Beast had a loving heart!
But she's not a super-strong supermodel... she (or, more accurately, it) is the latest innovation from the robotics boffins at the Chiba Institute of Technology, in Japan.
But she added: "If you find yourself down a dark alleyway and in trouble, I think Boris would be of more use than Ken. "
Yet it dwells in my memory that she taught me a lesson in forgiveness that I shall never forget.
But her long fair hair was girlish: and girlish, and touched with the wonder of mortal beauty, her face.
However, she admits: 'Occasionally, I come home and say to my fiance : "I feel really fat. "
Still, her experience was more pleasant than that of two of her friends who successively worked for a major film producer.
But she did say I could pick up my debit card in person at the third branch and could use it when my account was eventually unfrozen.
However, she did accept a loan from her office assistant, who refinanced her apartment to help Ms Wu pay outstanding bills.
till the next morning , however , she was not aware of all the felicity of her contrivance.
However, her book Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother, which I am in the middle of, is a very funny, touching, self-effacing, complicated work.
He lifted her into the carriage, but her feet continued to dance, so that she kicked the good old lady violently.
But with her supporters pressing her to stand, it will now be hard for her not to do so.
But she was also well known for a colourful personal life that included two tempestuous marriages to Welsh film star Richard Burton.
But her therapist is someone she sees often, and a gift during the holidays felt appropriate, she said.
But she was adamant about one thing: she would not pay a new property tax that was the centerpiece of a new austerity package announced this month by the Greek government.
But it was enchanting of her to send me a line, and I am very grateful.
but she was yet more anxious for the possibility of Lady Russell and Captain Wentworth never meeting anywhere.
She had weathered it, however, and could truly say that it had done her good.
She tried, however, to compose herself to answer him with patience, when he should have done.
But she enrolled in the program anyway in 2008 and the gamble paid off: In June, she shifted to brand management abroad for the company.
Still, even a widower who only knows how to boil a hot dog can lead a more heart-healthy lifestyle if he’s willing to change habits, she said.
She added, however, 'One could not preside over a system as cruel as [North Korea's] without being cruel oneself. '
But she, like Clippinger, plans at least in the short term to pursue a career in philanthropy rather than investment banking.
Still, she has something in common with the poor departed Sandy, and this is a hopeless lack of judgment about human beings.
Soon enough, though, she was back at it, rumbling around the back roads of Redford Township, just west of Detroit, where her family owned a sprawling dairy and potato farm.
But her proposal that a core of ministers from 50 out of 192 nations gather to hammer out a compromise text merely incensed those left behind.
Then she asked me to e-mail his birthplace and -date, as well as my wife's and her parents'.
She found, however, that it was one to which she must inure herself.
Still, she found it comforting to be there with him and sat beside him next to his bed.
But she isn't looking for a spot. She's in search of the car seat installation team from Children's Hospital of Alabama.
She did not explain that the thought, however, had aroused all the antagonism of her nature.
But she was just short of a majority, so she will face a run-off runoff election.
But they have prepared a gift, I hope I can bring the children with cleft lip and palate.
But their literary idol is still Mr Darcy, the haughty hero of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice.
But they knew instinctively, as they knew thoroughbred horses from scrubs , that he was not of their class.
With a renewal of tenderness, however, they repaired to her room on leaving the dining-parlour, and sat with her till summoned to coffee.
They are not living their lives through a mummy manual and yet they are still feeling guilty about it.
But she could easily pick up every bit of relevant factual information she came across.
only , as she dreaded a scene , she crossed the kitchen and made her escape by the back stairs.
